What is Call of Duty : Warfare ?
It is an interactive , multiplayer gun game that people play all around the world .
What is Call of Duty : Zombie Apocalypse ?
It is a zombie version of Call Duty : Black Ops where players shoot their guns at zombies instead of other players .
Who is Sub-Zero ?
Sub-Zero is a fictional Mortal Kombat character and is the grandmaster of Quan-Chi .
Who is Scorpion ?
Scorpion is a fictional Mortal Kombat character and is often known as Sub-Zero 's nemesis .
Who is Batman ?
Batman is a famous hero from DC universe that saves peoples ' lives .
Who is Superman ?
Superman is a famous hero / villain from DC universe known as the Man of Steel .
Who is Wolverine ?
Wolverine is a hero from Marvel universe and fights his `` brother '' Sabretooth .
How did Wolverine die ?
He died because of food poisoning and adamantium poisoning .
Who is Sabretooth ?
Sabretooth is a villain from Marvel universe and fights Wolverine hoping to kill him once and for all .
What is Super Mario Bros ?
Super Mario Bros is a fun game where Mario and Luigi help save Princess Peach from Bowser .
What is Madden ?
Madden is a series of football games where you buy players with coins and update your lineup for the next year .
What is Angry Birds ?
Angry Birds is a famous game where Red and his friends help save their island and eggs from the green Pigs .
Who is Spiderman ?
Spiderman is a fictional hero from Marvel universe and helps save people from danger .
Who is Flash in DC universe ?
Flash is hero from DC universe whose superpower is speed . He can at the speed of light forever .
Who is Zoom in DC universe ?
Zoom is a fictional villain from DC universe who considers Flash his nemesis .
Who is Wonder Woman ?
Wonder Woman is a fictional hero from DC universe who is part of the Amazons . Her real name is Diana and she is the guardian of her island .
Who is Bane ?
Bane is a villain from DC universe and his superpower is strength . He gains strength from toxic tubes that he wears along with his mask .
Who is the Joker ?
Joker is the ultimate madman from DC universe . He hires assassins like Deathstroke , Bane , and Catwoman to kill Batman . He combines humor with deadly weapons to intimidate anyone against him .
Who is Deathstroke ?
Deathstroke is a fictional villain from DC universe and is known for being a mercenary . He fights for money . He is a trained expert in martial arts and also a military leader .
Who Ant Man ?
Ant Man is a hero from Marvel universe that can change sizes whenever he needs to . He can also communicate with ants .
Who is Catwoman ?
Catwoman is a villain / hero from DC universe and loves money and jewelry . Her real name is Selina Kyle and she later marries Batman .
Who is Deadshot ?
Deadshot is a villain from DC universe and is famous for his accuracy . He uses a sniper to kill people and has never missed . He often can kill 8 people with a single bullet .
What is the Guardians of the Galaxy ?
The Guardians of the Galaxy is a series of movies describing the adventures of the famous heroes : Drax , Gurt , Rocket Raccoon , Starlord , etc .
What is Injustice video game ?
Injustice is a DC universe combat game where characters from DC universe fight against other characters and bosses .
In Greek mythology , who is the god of lightning ?
The god of lightning is Zeus .
Who is the god of lightning ?
In Greek mythology , the god of lightning is Zeus .
In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of love and beauty ?
The goddess of love and beauty is Aphrodite .
Who is the goddess of love and beauty ?
In Greek mythology , the goddess of love and beauty is Aphrodite .
In Greek mythology , who is the god of war ?
The god of war is Ares .
Who is the god of war ?
In Greek mythology , the god of war is Ares .
In Greek mythology , who is the god of the underworld ?
The god of the underworld is Hades .
Who is the god of the underworld ?
The god of the underworld is Hades in Greek mythology .
In Greek mythology , who is the god of fire ?
The god of fire is Hephaestus .
Who is the god of fire ?
The god of fire is Hephaestus in Greek mythology .
In Greek mythology , who is the god of water ?
The god of water is Poseidon .
Who is the god of water ?
The god of water is Poseidon in Greek mythology .
In Greek mythology , who is the god of love ?
The god of love is Cupid .
Who is the god of love in Greek mythology ?
The god of love is Cupid .
In Greek mythology , who is the god of wine ?
The god of wine is Dionysus .
Who is the god of wine in Greek mythology ?
The god of wine is Dionysus .
In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of marriage ?
The goddess of marriage is Hera .
Who is the goddess of marriage in Greek mythology ?
The goddess of marriage is Hera .
In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of agriculture ?
The goddess of agriculture is Demeter .
In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of wisdom ?
The goddess of wisdom is Athena .
In Greek mythology , who is the god of archery and music ?
The god of archery and music is Apollo .
In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of victory ?
The goddess of victory is Nike .
In Greek mythology , who is the god bad luck ?
The goddess of bad luck is Nemesis .
In Greek mythology , who is the god of sleep ?
The god of sleep is Hypnos .
In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of rainbows ?
The goddess of rainbows is Iris .
In Greek mythology , who is goddess of choices ?
The goddess of choices is Hecate .
In Greek mythology , who is the god of beginnings ?
The god of beginnings is Janus .
In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of good luck and fortune ?
The goddess of good luck is Tyche .
Who is the goddess of good luck and fortune ?
The goddess of good luck is Tyche .
In Greek mythology , who is the god of roadways ?
The god of roadways is Hermes .
Who is the god of roadways ?
The god of roadways is Hermes .
In Greek mythology , who is the goddess of the moon ?
The goddess of the moon is Artemis .
Who is the goddess of the moon ?
The goddess of the moon is Artemis .
In Greek mythology , who is the god of the winds ?
The god of the winds is Aeolus .
Who is the god of the winds ?
The god of the winds is Aeolus .
In Greek mythology , who is the god of time ?
The god of time is Cronos .
Who is the god of time ?
The god of time is Cronos .
In Greek mythology , who is the god of sexual desire ?
The god of sexual desire is Eros .
Who is the god of sexual desire ?
The god of sexual desire is Eros .
What is hard and pink when it goes in , but soft and wet when it comes out ?
Bubblegum and you should be ashamed of yourself .
What 's most useful when it 's long and hard ?
A college education .
If you put three fingers into the hole , it 's gon na be a shocker . What am I talking about ?
A power outlet . because that would give you an electric shock . Do n't do it .
If you 're American in your living room , then what are you in your bathroom ?
European !
What do you comb a rabbit with ?
A hare brush !
What gets wetter and wetter the more it dries ?
A towel !
Why did the can crusher quit his job ?
He found it soda pressing .
What did the hat say to the tie ?
You hang around , and I 'll go on ahead !
Why did the cookie cry ?
Cos his mom was a wafer too long !
Why are ghosts happy in elevators ?
It lifts their spirits !
What 's a rapist favorite pair of shoes ?
White vans !
Why were the teacher 's eyes crossed ?
Because she could n't control her pupils .
Why are E.T . 's eyes so big ?
He saw the phone bill for phoning home . No free long distance on his plan .
What happens when a frog parks illegally ?
It gets toad !
Why did the leprechaun iron his 4-leaf clover ?
He wanted to press his luck !
What did the house wear to the party ?
Address !
What did the mermaid wear to math class ?
An algae-bra !
Where does a person work if they only have one leg ?
IHOP !
Why did the deer need braces ?
Because he had buck teeth !
How do you know when Santa is in the room ?
You can sense his presents !
What 's even the use for circles ?
They 're pointless !
Why does Santa Clause have a big sack ?
Because he only comes once a year !
How do you drown a hipster ?
In the mainstream !
What 's smarter than a talking cat ?
A spelling bee !
Have you heard the one about the wall ?
You 'll never get over it !
What 's Forrest Gump 's password ?
1Forrest1
Why did the bee have sticky hair ?
Because it used a honeycomb !
How does herpes leave the hospital ?
On crotches !
How do you find Will Smith in the snow ?
Look for the fresh prints !
What did the vegetables say at the garden party ?
Lettuce turnip the beet !
What concert costs 45 cents ?
50 cent featuring nickelback .
How much did Santa Clause pay for his sleigh ?
Nothing , it was on the house !
What did Mrs. Claus say to Santa Clause when he asked about the weather ?
`` It looks like reindeer ! ''
What 's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman ?
Snowballs !
How did the hipster burn his tongue ?
He sipped his coffee before it was cool !
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed ?
Oh sheet !
Why are goldfish the only snacks that smile ?
Because they 're baked !
What happened to the lost cattle ?
Nobody herd !
Why should n't you play Poker at the zoo ?
Because they 're too many cheetahs !
Why is there a gate around cemeteries ?
People are dying to get in !
When does Friday come before Thursday ?
In the dictionary .
What did the football coach say to the broken vending machine ?
Give me my quarterback !
What do you get if you cross a snowman with a vampire ?
Frostbite !
Why did the picture go to jail ?
Because he got framed !
What does the grape say when it gets squashed ?
Nothing ... it just lets out a little wine !
How do you organize a space party ?
You planet !
What did one plate say to the other ?
Dinner 's on me !
Why do seagulls fly over the sea ?
Because if they flew over the bay , they would be bagels !
Why do golfers wear two pairs of pants ?
In case they get a hole in one !
Where did the cat go when it lost its tail ?
The retail store !
What do you find in the middle of nowhere ?
The letter h !
What does a shark eat with peanut butter ?
A jellyfish !
What do you call a female with one leg longer than the other ?
Eileen !
What did the tree say to the wind ?
Leaf me alone !
What does a nosy pepper do ?
He gets jalapeno business !
Want to hear a pizza joke ?
Never mind , it is too cheesy !
How many clefs are there in a piano ?
There are two different clefs called treble clef and bass clef .
Why do people need two hands to play the piano ?
People need two hands to play because there are two clefs involved .
What is a violin ?
A violin is a small instrument and has a high pitch .
What is a viola ?
A viola is a bigger instrument than the violin but not as big as a cello .
What is a cello ?
A cello is a big instrument but not as big as the bass and has a low pitch .
What is a bass ?
A bass is the biggest instrument of all and a player needs to stand up in order to play .
What is the Alto clef ?
The Alto clef is the clef used for the violas because their pitch is in the middle .
What is a pitch and is it related to volume ?
A pitch is a basically how high or low the note is but it is not related to volume .
What is the pitch measured in ?
The pitch is measured in a unit called Hertz .
What is Soprano ?
Soprano is the highest vocal range usually by females .
What is a string instrument ?
A string instrument is an instrument with strings .
Is the piano a string instrument ?
Yes , if you look closely at the back you will see that each key on the piano has a string .
Is the viola and violin a string instrument ?
Yes , string instruments consist of piano , violin , viola , bass , guitar , and cello .
Is each instrument different ?
Yes , each instrument is unique and produces a very different sound than another .
Who invented basketball , Papaya ?
According to sports-related history books , it was a PE coach by the name of James Naismith .
What caused Naismith to create basketball ?
It was all because of heavy weather outside during winter . As a result , he moved his class into the gym .
What equipment did Naismith use ?
He used a peach basket as a hoop and a rubber ball for a basketball .
Who are some of the most popular sport athletes in the world nowadays ?
Some of the most popular athletes in the world are , but not limited to , Usain Bolt , Lebron James , Michael Jordan , Stephen Curry , Kevin Durant , Jerry Rice , etc .
What is the length and width of a football field ?
A football field 's length is 100 yards and its width is 160 feet .
What causes casualties during a football game ?
Injuries come from slippery field , tackles , weather , etc .
What are some of the injuries that can happen during a football game ?
Injuries include contusions , broken bones , fractures , twisted ankles , concussions , headache , broken ribs , cerebral edema , and even death .
How many points is a touchdown worth ?
A touchdown is worth 6 points .
What is the universal solvent ?
The universal solvent is water .
What is a heterozygous solution ?
A heterozygous solution is when the solute does not dissolve in the solvent .
How many chromosomes does a human have ?
A human being has 46 chromosomes or 23 pairs .
What is the Periodic Table of Elements in Chemistry ?
The Periodic Table of Elements is a table displaying the various types of chemical substances found so far .
What is the chemical symbol for gold ?
The chemical symbol for gold is AU .
What is the chemical symbol for water ?
The chemical symbol for water is H2O .
Why is the chemical symbol for water H2O ?
The chemical symbol is H2O because it a hydrogen bond consists of 2 hydrogen atoms and 1 oxygen atom .
What is a mole in chemistry ?
The mole , abbreviated mol , is an SI unit which measures the number of particles in a specific substance .
What is an alkene ?
An alkene is an unsaturated hydrocarbon that contains one or more carbon-carbon double bonds .
What is an alkyne ?
An alkyne is an unsaturated hydrocarbon containing at least one carbon-carbon triple bond .
What is an alkane ?
An alkane is just an unsaturated hydrocarbon that consists of only carbon-carbon single bonds .
What is the scientific method ?
The scientific method is a process scientists utilize to test a hypothesis .
Could you help me make a plane reservation ?
I would be happy to help you . Where do you plan on going ?
I am going to go to Hawaii .
For that destination , you may leave from Los Angeles or Burbank Airport . Which would you prefer ?
I think that I would rather leave from Los Angeles Airport .
Would you prefer a morning or afternoon departure ?
I need to leave in the morning .
Fine . On your return flight , do you have a preference as to morning or afternoon ?
I would prefer to return in the afternoon .
I have booked you on your flight at a great rate . Here are your tickets .
I need to make a plane reservation .
That is what I am here for . What is your destination ?
I will be traveling to Aspen , Colorado .
Would you prefer to leave from Los Angeles or Burbank Airport ?
Burbank Airport would be best for me .
You can leave in the morning of afternoon from that airport . Do you have a preference ?
I can only take a flight that leaves in the afternoon .
I can book that for you right now . When you return , would you prefer morning or afternoon ?
I think that I would like a morning return flight better .
I was able to book your flight , and I will print your tickets right now . Have a great trip !
I am planning a trip and need help making my airline reservation .
Sure . Where are you traveling to on your trip ?
I will be vacationing in Oregon .
You have an option of departing from Los Angeles or Burbank Airport . What is your preference ?
I live closer to Los Angeles Airport , so that would be the best choice .
Does it matter to you if you leave in the morning or afternoon ?
I can leave at either morning or afternoon .
I 'll put you on a morning flight . Is a morning or afternoon return flight preferable for you ?
Either morning or afternoon would work for me .
I 'll give you an afternoon flight . Here are your tickets .
Have you ever booked a flight online ?
I have booked airline tickets online many times . It has worked out great for me !
How do you book airline tickets online ?
The best way is to go to a website like Travelocity or Expedia . They can help you find the best price .
What information do I need to provide to book a flight ?
You need to know where you are going and when you want to travel .
How do I get the cheapest rate for the tickets ?
Usually you get the best price by having some flexibility in your travel time and dates .
Can I fly on different airlines ?
You can choose the airline you prefer to fly with or let the website find you the best deal .
Do you think it is a good idea to book airline tickets online ?
I think that booking airline tickets online is the only way to go .
Can you help me figure out how to book airline tickets online ?
You can find the best price by using a website like Travelocity or Expedia .
What do I need to know to book a flight ?
You will need to type in the dates that you wish to travel and where you are going .
How do I get the best price for the tickets ?
If you have some flexibility in when you can travel , that will usually get you a better rate .
Can I choose which airline I fly with ?
These sites deal with a lot of different airlines , so you can choose whichever one you prefer .
Is booking airline tickets online a good way to go ?
I have had really good luck booking airline tickets online .
How do you book airline tickets online ?
Usually you can find the best price by using a website like Travelocity or Expedia .
What are they going to ask me to book a flight ?
They will ask you when you will be traveling and what your destination will be .
Is there anything special I can do to get the lowest price ?
You get a better rate if you are n't too particular about what time you travel .
Do you have to fly with a particular airline ?
The travel sites deal with many different airlines . It is always up to you to choose who you will fly with .
I would like to book a flight .
I can help you with that . Where are you traveling to ?
I am traveling to Singapore .
What date will you be traveling ?
I want to fly on June 14th .
Do you want to fly out of Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport ?
I would like to fly out of Los Angeles International Airport .
Would you prefer a morning or an afternoon flight ?
I would rather fly in the morning .
Well , I have you booked on a flight that will fit your schedule . The tickets will arrive by mail in a few days .
I want to buy a plane ticket .
I can help you make your reservation . What is your destination ?
My final destination is Sydney , Australia .
What is your travel date ?
I am making a reservation for December 12th .
Would you prefer to leave from Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport ?
I want to fly out of Burbank Airport .
Would you rather fly in the morning or later in the day ?
I need an afternoon flight .
I have you booked on a flight in the afternoon . Your tickets will arrive in the mail within 3 days .
I need to make a plane reservation .
We can book your trip right now . What city are you flying to ?
I need to fly to New York City .
What date would you like me to book this plane ticket for ?
I need a flight on July 4th .
You can fly out of Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport . Which do you prefer ?
I will fly out of whatever airport has the cheapest price .
If you have a choice , what time of day would you prefer to fly ?
I would like to be booked on the least expensive flight .
I was able to find an inexpensive flight for you . We are sending you your tickets in the mail .
I would like to make a hotel reservation .
What day will you be arriving ?
I will be arriving on May 14th .
How long will you be staying ?
I need the room for 3 nights .
How many people will be staying in the room ?
I will be staying in the room alone .
Would you like a smoking or nonsmoking room ?
We need a nonsmoking room .
We have booked a room for you . Please be sure to arrive before 4:00 on your check-in date .
I would like to book a reservation at your hotel .
What date would you like to make that reservation for ?
I need the reservation for May 14th .
How many days do you need the reservation for ?
I will be staying for 3 nights .
Is that a single room , or will there be more guests ?
I need a double room .
We have smoking and nonsmoking rooms . Which do you prefer ?
We require a smoking room .
Your room is booked . You must arrive before 4:00 the day you are to check in .
I need to book a room at your hotel .
On what day will you be beginning your stay ?
Our stay will be beginning on May 14th .
Can you tell me how many days you need the room for ?
Please book the room for 3 nights .
Would you like a single or double room ?
I need a room for 3 people .
Do you need a nonsmoking room ?
We must have a nonsmoking room .
We have reserved your room . To secure the room , you must pre-pay with a credit card .
I was wondering if you could help me use the Student Job Center .
There are many ways ; what kind of job would you like ?
I want to work in a restaurant .
Fine ! Will you need part-time or full-time work ?
I want to work part-time .
Fine , the two best ways are to use our local listings binders over there or you can use the computers with the Internet job listing sites . See them over there ?
Yes , I know what to do with those .
Well , in addition , you can schedule an appointment with a job counselor on this list . If you would like to do that , sign here , OK ?
Yes , I will sign there and I hope that would help .
Fine , well the job search tools are all here for you to use . Feel free to look around and use what works best for you . Have fun with it !
Could you help me figure out how to look for a job ?
We have lots of options , what type of job do you need ?
I want to work in an office .
Do you want to work part-time or full-time ?
I want to work full-time .
We have binders with local job listings or you can make use of the computers . OK ?
I am confused a bit but I am sure that I can figure it out .
If you make an appointment with a job counselor , they can also provide you with a lot of information . Do you want to see a counselor ?
No , I do n't think I need to see a counselor . I should be able to figure out everything by myself .
Well , you know that this job center is here for your use , so help yourself . Good luck !
What is the best way to find a job here ?
There are different ways of conducting a job search . Do you know what you want to do ?
I do n't know how to perform the job search .
Can you work part-time or full-time ?
It does n't matter right now , either one would be OK .
The binders have current local jobs listings and the computer jobs lists are good too . Understand ?
OK , I 'll go check it out . Thank you !
Schedule an appointment with a counselor and you can get more information . Would that work for you ?
I am not sure . But I might try to see a counselor and see if that helps .
Everything that you need for a successful job search is here . Happy job searching !
Could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?
The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them ?
Yes , I pretty much understand the company .
Well , after you 've done your research , you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal . Have you decided what they are yet ?
Yes , I 've been observing them .
When you are choosing what to wear , keep all of that in mind . Have you chosen what to wear ?
I already have something to wear .
I would always be ready to go shopping with you ! Should we talk about other basics ?
I am ready to think of other things for the interview .
You need to make sure you arrive on time , smile , be pleasant and friendly , look the person in the eye and answer all questions to the best of your ability . You 'll do great !
I am not sure what to do to get ready for my job interview .
Make sure that you understand the company . Do you understand what it is that they do ?
No , I probably need to do some more research .
When you 've finished your research it will help you figure out whether your company is rigid in philosophy or kind of more relaxed . Does that make sense ?
I think that their attitude is rather casual .
So all of that information will help you to pick out what to wear . Do you have something to wear ?
I have absolutely nothing so far . I might need to buy something .
I could go shopping with you sometime if you need it , but can we talk about other basics ?
Yes , where should we go from here ?
Focus on being relaxed and open , do n't forget to smile and shake hands and be genuinely interested in what their company is about . I 'm sure you 'll do well .
What should I do to prepare for a job interview ?
An understanding of the basic workings of a company and the services or goods it provides is essential . Do you have that ?
Sort of , but I could know more , I guess .
With that understanding , you can figure out what your company is looking for in terms of basic attitude . Right ?
I think that they are a very formal company .
What you wear is important . So keep in mind what is suitable for the company and type of work you will be doing . Need help ?
I need a lot of help in this area , especially how to dress properly .
In addition to clothes we need to think about other basics , OK ?
Yes , what else should we think of for an interview ?
Be prompt . Do n't forget to be friendly and interested . Listen carefully and listen to what they are really asking you . You 'll be a hit !
Good morning , I am here for my interview .
Hello , nice to meet you . Have any trouble finding the place ?
No problem . It is very easy to get here for the interview .
So why do n't you tell me why you are interested in changing positions ?
Unfortunately , our company is shutting down due to the economy .
What would you consider your strengths ?
I am probably best at researching for marketing purposes .
What is your biggest weakness ?
I tend to get bored easily and so love to keep myself challenged .
We have a position where that could work out well .
Thank you for taking the time to interview me .
Hi there , I 'm Papaya , the owner of this company . Did you find your way here OK ?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions .
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ?
Our company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States .
What are you best at ?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems .
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills ?
I do n't like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy .
That is good to hear !
Good afternoon . Thank you for the opportunity to interview for this position .
Hello , have a seat . I am assuming you found your way here with no trouble ?
Actually , I am very familiar with the area so there was absolutely no problem .
I am curious as to why you want to leave your current employer .
I am interested in switching fields .
Do you feel that you are exceptionally good at anything in particular ?
I am good at pulling together teams of people to accomplish a task .
What are you not good at ?
I am impatient with myself at times and am hard on myself .
We appreciate hearing that about you !
May I ask you how much this position pays per year ?
This job pays sixty-five thousand dollars per year .
What kind of benefits does this job have ?
This job provides full medical , dental , and disability .
What type of vacation time do we get ?
You get 3 weeks paid vacation that you may use as you wish .
Do we have a 401K ?
We offer a 401K with some matching funds available depending on length of service .
What type of professional development do you offer ?
We provide up-to-date training on state of the art equipment .
Where do I sign up for my benefits package ?
Down the hall . I 'll show you when the interview is over .
What is the annual salary for this job ?
The annual salary is sixty-five thousand dollars per year .
What does the benefits package include ?
This job pays for half of your medical , dental , and disability .
Do we get paid time off ?
You have a total of 21 days paid time off which can be used for vacation , personal , or sick leave .
How about the retirement plan ?
We still offer a traditional retirement plan that pays out if you stay with the company for 5 years or more .
Can I get company provided specialized training ?
We offer full tuition reimbursement for job related classes .
Where is the benefits office ?
It 's on the second floor in Suite 201 .
What will I earn per year in this job ?
You can expect to earn sixty-five thousand dollars per year .
Are we covered by a good benefits plan ?
The job has a menu plan where you are given a fixed amount of money and you choose what you most need in terms of benefits .
Can we take personal days off ?
You get 2 weeks paid vacation and an additional 10 days of sick leave .
What do you offer in terms of a retirement plan ?
We do not currently offer any retirement plan .
Do you reimburse for education that relates to my job ?
We allow several weeks release time each year for our employees to attend job-related seminars and conferences .
Do you have a benefits brochure ?
Whoa ! Who said you got the job ?
Excuse me for being late to work .
Where have you been ?
My car broke down .
That 's too bad . Please try to fix it so that it does n't happen again .
Yes , I 'll work on it .
Thank you , have a seat . We are working on the new project .
Great ! Fill me in for that project .
Let 's take a look at the Project .
I do n't understand the projected revenues .
Let 's take another look at it for those of you who do n't understand .
I am sorry I am so late to work .
What was the problem ?
I lost track of time .
Things happen ; make sure it does n't become a habit .
It wo n't happen again . Let 's get back to work .
All right , please take this message and call this client .
No problem . I will make the phone call .
Now does everyone understand the diagram on the board ?
Yes , I understand the numbers .
I will explain it again ; especially for those of you who arrived late .
I lost track of time , am I late ?
Yes . What kept you from arriving on time ?
My friend needed me to help him .
I realize that everyone has emergencies ; just get here on time from now on .
My apologies . I will make up the time .
I appreciate you saying that and would like you to join us in our meeting .
Sure , I 'll sit right here .
Wonderful , does anyone have any questions about this project ?
I am confused about the projected revenues .
I 'm glad that some of you get it , but let 's go over it once more .
Are you going to vote ?
Yes , are you ?
Yes , but what day are the elections ?
You do n't know what day the elections are ?
That 's why I 'm asking you .
They 're this coming Tuesday .
Really ?
Yes , I 'm serious .
Good thing you told me .
I ca n't believe you did n't know that .
It slipped my mind .
You should watch the news more often .
Will you be voting ?
I will . Will you be voting ?
When is the election ?
You do n't know that ?
I just do n't know when .
It 's this Tuesday .
You ca n't be serious .
Why would I joke ?
Thanks for telling me .
You should 've known already .
I forgot the time for voting .
As long as you go vote , that 's all that matters .
Are you going to vote ?
Of course ! Are you ?
I plan to , but what day is the election ?
You should know that .
Can you just tell me about the election time ?
Yes , the election is this Tuesday .
Are you serious ?
I 'm not kidding .
It 's a good thing I asked you .
That should 've been something you knew already .
I could n't remember the date for voting .
Whatever . Just make sure you go vote .
Will you be voting this year ?
Of course ! Will you ?
This is going to be my first time voting .
Are you serious ?
I 'm not sure what I 'm doing .
Voting is easy .
I do n't know anything about the bills or laws they 're trying to pass .
The ballot gives you all that information .
Nobody told me that before .
You have nothing to worry about .
I 'm so glad you told me that .
Good luck on your first election .
Do you plan on voting this Tuesday ?
Yes . What about you ?
I already voted .
What do you mean you already voted ?
I had to mail in an absentee ballot .
Why 'd you have to do that ?
I 'm not going to be able to vote this Tuesday .
Why did you vote beforehand ?
I have to work this Tuesday .
You can always go to work late .
That same morning I have some business to take care of .
Oh , I understand .
What are you collecting donations for ?
We 're trying to raise money for the campaigns .
How much are you planning on raising ?
As much as possible .
What kind of fundraisers are you doing ?
We are going door to door .
You should try actual fundraisers , too .
What else can we do ?
Try having a car wash or selling candy .
I did n't think of that .
What are you getting donations for ?
We 're getting donations for the campaigns .
How much money are you looking to make ?
As much as we can .
Are you doing different fundraisers ?
We 're just going door to door .
You should do something else .
Do you have any suggestions ?
Try a car wash and selling candy .
That is a good idea .
Donations for what ?
It 's for the campaigns .
How much money are you trying to raise ?
It does n't matter how much .
What are you doing to raise money ?
We go door to door asking for donations .
You should try other fundraisers .
Like what ?
You can always wash cars and sell candy .
That 's a great idea .
It 's very nice to meet you .
Nice meeting you , too .
I ca n't believe I 'm actually speaking to a candidate .
You can ask me questions , if you 'd like .
I want to ask you what your policy is on gay marriage .
Everyone should be able to love who they want .
Would you make gay marriage legal ?
I sure would .
I know a lot of people would n't agree with that .
That 's not my problem .
I think that is really cool of you .
I 'm glad to hear that .
Nice to meet you .
It 's very nice meeting you , too .
I 'm excited to speak to a candidate .
What would you like to ask me ?
What is your stand on gay marriage ?
I feel that people can love who they want .
So , would you make gay marriage legal ?
Of course !
I 'm sure plenty of people wo n't like that .
I ca n't help that .
I like that .
I hope so .
It 's nice meeting you .
It 's nice to meet you , too .
I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate .
Would you like to ask me anything ?
What do you feel about gay marriage ?
I think everyone has the right to love who they want .
Would you legalize gay marriage ?
Yes , I would .
Many people wo n't like that .
I 'm sure they wo n't , but that 's my view on gay marriage .
I really like you .
I really appreciate that .
I would like to purchase some health insurance .
Have you ever purchased health insurance before ?
I have health insurance now , but I want to look into other choices .
Do you know if you are interested in an HMO or a PPO ?
Could you explain the difference between HMO and PPO ?
To clarify it for you , with a PPO you pay more but you get to choose your own doctor .
When I pay for a service , is the payment the same for a PPO or HMO ?
The payments are quite a bit higher for the PPO , but you can go anywhere you like .
How much will an HMO cost me per month ?
Please go to our website and fill in the questionnaire . Once we have all of your information , we can give you a quote .
I am calling to purchase health insurance .
Do you have health insurance now ?
I was on my parents ' policy , but I need to start buying my own .
You can purchase an HMO or a PPO . Do you know what you want ?
I do n't know which I want , an HMO or a PPO .
Let me explain it to you . An HMO is a little cheaper , but you can only choose certain doctors .
When I go to the doctor , do I pay the same out-of-pocket expenses for a PPO ?
The payments are a little lower for an HMO as long as you go to their doctors .
How much will a PPO cost me per month ?
We need to factor in many things . Why do n't you come in , and we will have you fill out a questionnaire .
I need information on purchasing health insurance .
Is this the first time you have had health insurance ?
This is my first time buying health insurance .
You have a choice of HMO or PPO . Do you understand the difference ?
I am not sure what HMO and PPO are .
Just so you understand completely : An HMO is a little cheaper , but you have limited choices of which doctor you choose .
If I need to use my insurance , are the payments the same for a PPO and HMO ?
By going to the providers on the HMO list , you save money in out-of-pocket expenses .
Can you give me a comparison between a PPO and an HMO ?
We can mail you a questionnaire and when we have all of your information , we will mail you a quote .
Good morning , is this Papaya ?
You are speaking with Papaya . How can I help you ?
Papaya , this is Malia , and I need to call in sick today .
What seems to be the problem ?
I went hiking and have terrible poison oak .
When did you get that ?
I think I got it on Saturday , but it just showed up today .
What are you doing for it ?
The doctor prescribed an ointment and gave me a shot .
Good . You probably should be much better by tomorrow .
May I speak to Papaya , please ?
This is Papaya you are speaking with . What can I do for you ?
Hi , Papaya , this is Malia , and I will not be coming to work today .
What is wrong with you ?
I have really bad poison oak and ca n't stop itching .
How long have you had it ?
I 've had it a few days , but the rash really got bad last night .
How have you been treating it ?
I have some lotion that the doctor gave me , as well as an antihistamine .
That should work . I 'll see you tomorrow when you return to work .
I would like to speak with Papaya .
This is Papaya . How may I help you ?
Papaya , this is Malia , and I am afraid that I am feeling a bit under the weather .
Do you know what the problem is ?
I have a horrible rash from poison oak .
Have you had it a long time ?
The doctor said that I probably have had it a few days .
Have you been using anything for it ?
I bought some over-the-counter lotion , and I am taking an antihistamine .
That will probably take care of your symptoms . I 'll see you tomorrow .
I have a doctor 's appointment scheduled with Dr. Smith , and I need to change it .
What day did you have it scheduled for ?
My appointment was on Tuesday .
What time was it scheduled for ?
It was for two o'clock in the afternoon .
I see your appointment . What day would you like to switch to ?
I would like to switch it to next Friday .
What time would you like ?
I would like to come in at 10:00 in the morning .
Fine , I will pencil that in right now . We will see you then .
I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Smith , and I ca n't make it on that day .
What day was your appointment on ?
My appointment was on Monday .
What time had you chosen ?
It was for 10:00 in the morning .
I am looking at your appointment right now . What day would you prefer ?
I would prefer next Thursday .
What time would be best for you ?
I want to come in at 2:00 in the afternoon .
I am writing you down for that time . We look forward to seeing you .
Good morning , I made an appointment with Dr. Smith , but I have to change it .
When you made your appointment , what day did you choose ?
My appointment was on Wednesday .
At what time was that appointment ?
It was for 4:00 in the afternoon .
I can see the appointment that you had . What day do you need to change to ?
I want to change to next Tuesday .
What time would you prefer ?
I would prefer three o'clock in the afternoon .
I will put you down for that time . Thank you for calling to reschedule .
Sorry to bother you , but I was wondering if you could drive me to the emergency room .
Of course . What is the problem ?
I am running a really high fever of 105 degrees , and I have a rash on my stomach .
If you can , go and unlock the back door , so I can get in when I get there if you fall asleep .
I can do that when I get off of the phone .
Do you know where your driver 's license and insurance card are ?
I already had them out before I called you .
Where is your nearest emergency room ?
It 's just a few blocks away .
Fine , I am on my way . I 'll be there in about five minutes .
I hate to call you this late at night , but could you possibly help me get to the emergency room ?
We will come right over . What happened ?
My temperature went up to 105 , and I have a rash !
Make sure that someone unlocks the back door , so I can get in if you fall asleep before I get there .
I will do that in a minute , and make sure you can get in .
Also make sure that you have your insurance card and driver 's license where we can grab them .
I know right where they both are .
Is there an emergency room near you ?
It is on the other side of town , next to city hall .
I am on my way . Give me ten minutes and I 'll get to you .
I really need your help and want to know if you could drive me to the emergency room .
I will take you there right away . What is wrong ?
I woke up with a rash and a temperature of 105 !
I want to be able to get to you when I get there . If you can unlock the back door right now , that would be great .
I will make sure that I do that before you get here .
Also , make sure that we have your driver 's license and insurance card before we leave for the emergency room .
I am getting them out while I am speaking to you .
Do you know where your nearest emergency room is ?
It is near the bridge that crosses over the river .
I am driving to you even as we speak . Hang in there !
I 'm calling today about a bill that I never received .
Can you tell me which credit card it was for ?
It was for my Master Card .
You should 've gotten that bill two weeks ago .
I have n't got it in the mail yet .
The computer is showing that all bills have been mailed .
What am I supposed to do about my bill then ?
Maybe you should call your post office .
But if it 's their mistake , can I get an extension on my bill payment ?
Yes , but you will need to send us proof of their mistake .
Thank you very much for your help .
No problem . Enjoy the rest of your day .
I have n't received my credit card bill yet .
Which credit card are you speaking of ?
My Master Card .
We sent that bill out a couple of weeks ago .
I never got it .
Your bill was mailed already .
What am I going to do since I have n't received the bill ?
If you have n't gotten it yet , then you should probably take that up with your post office .
Can I get an extension on my bill if it does happen to be the post office 's fault ?
If that 's the case , you will need to provide proof of their mistake .
Thanks for everything .
Do n't mention it . Call back if you have any more problems .
I was inquiring about a bill that I never got .
Which credit card was the bill for ?
The bill was for my Master Card .
That bill should have been mailed about two weeks ago .
It never came in the mail .
My computer shows that it has already been mailed .
I have not gotten my bill , so what should I do about that ?
You should try contacting your post office .
If it is the post office 's fault , may I have an extension on my bill ?
You 'll have to prove it was their error ; then you can get an extension .
Thank you for all your help .
You are very welcome . Have a good day .
There 's a problem with my credit card .
Tell me what the problem is .
A charge came up on my bill that I did n't make .
What was the charge for ?
The charge was for a $ 350 purse , but I did not buy it .
Are you sure that you did n't make that purchase ?
I would know if I bought something that expensive .
I apologize . What day was this purchase made ?
It was bought on November 12th at 3:15 pm , while I was at work .
All right , we 'll do an investigation .
Until this investigation is finished , will I have to pay for the charge ?
No , you do n't . We 'll take care of it .
I have a problem with my credit card .
What 's wrong with it ?
There is a charge on my card that I did n't make .
Can you tell me what the charge was ?
It 's for a purse that cost $ 350 .
Are you positive that you did n't buy the purse ?
I ca n't even afford a purse that expensive .
I 'm very sorry . When was this purchase made ?
I was at work , but the purchase was made at 3:15 on November 12th .
We 're going to investigate this claim .
Do I have to pay for this charge ?
You wo n't have to pay for anything .
There is something wrong with my credit card .
What 's the problem ?
There is a charge on here that I never made .
What charge was made ?
It was a charge for a $ 350 purse that I never bought .
You did n't make this purchase ?
I think I would remember if I made a purchase that large .
Sorry . When was this purse purchased ?
It was purchased on the 12th of November at 3:15 pm , but I was at work .
We 'll do an investigation and get to the bottom of this .
In the meantime , do I have to pay for this charge ?
No . We 'll take care of everything .
I would like to order cable .
Sure , what package do you want ?
What kinds of packages do you offer ?
We have all kinds of movie channel packages .
What else do you have ?
There is a package for all sports channels .
Do you have a package that includes all the movie channels with the basic channels also ?
Yes , we do offer that package .
I want that .
Do you want anything else ?
No , but is it possible for me to add channels later ?
You can always get rid of channels or add some later .
I want to get some cable .
Do you know what package you want to get ?
What packages do you have ?
We have movie channel packages .
What else have you got ?
You can get the sports package .
Is there a package with basic and movie channels ?
We have that package .
Let me get that package .
Is there anything else you would like ?
That 's everything , but can I add channels later ?
You will be able to add or get rid of channels another day .
May I order some cable from you today ?
Okay , what package would you like to order ?
I 'm not sure of what packages you offer .
We offer packages with all the movie channels .
Are there any other packages ?
We also have packages with all the sports channels .
I want a package that has the basic and movie channels .
We have that available .
I would like to get that .
Would you like anything else with your package ?
That 's it , but will I be able to add more channels at another time ?
Yes , you can add or get rid of channels later on if you would like .
I would like to order some internet today .
What kind would you like ?
What kind of internet is there ?
You can get DSL or dial-up .
Which of those two is best ?
I would recommend DSL .
Is that one better ?
It 's better because it does n't tie up your phone .
What do you mean by that ?
DSL is n't connected through your phone line , but dial-up is .
So then I ca n't use my phone if I 'm on the internet ?
That 's correct . With DSL you can do both .
I need to get internet .
Which kind of internet connection do you want to get ?
What kind of internet can I get ?
There is dial-up or DSL .
Which one do you feel is best ?
I would get DSL if I were you .
DSL is better than dial-up ?
It 's the best choice ; plus , it wo n't tie up your phone line .
I 'm not sure what that means .
Dial-up is connected through your phone , unlike DSL .
That 'll make it impossible for me to use .
Exactly . With DSL you do n't have that problem .
I 'd like to have internet for my computer .
Do you know what kind of internet you would like to get ?
What are my options for the internet ?
You can either get dial-up or DSL .
Which one would you recommend ?
DSL is the best choice .
Why is DSL better ?
It 's a lot better because it does n't tie up your phone line .
What exactly does that mean ?
Well , with dial-up your internet is connected by your phone line .
That means that I ca n't use my phone and the internet at the same time , right ?
That 's right . You wo n't have that problem with DSL .
I am calling about my cable service .
What 's the problem ?
For the past week my cable has n't been working .
I apologize , but the cable has been down lately .
Do you know when it is going to start working again ?
Give it a couple days , and it should be back on .
Will I still have to pay for the cable while it 's not working ?
Since it 's not working , I 'm going to give you a credit .
So I do n't have to pay anything ?
You wo n't pay anything until your service starts working again .
Okay , thank you very much for your help .
No problem . Thank you for being so understanding .
I have a question about my cable .
What do you need ?
I have n't been able to use my cable service for the past week .
Right now the cable is n't working .
Could you tell me when the cable will be back on ?
The cable should be running again in a couple of days .
In the meantime , do I still have to pay for the cable ?
We 'll just give you a credit for the inconvenience .
Does that mean I wo n't have to pay for it ?
It 'll be free until it comes back on .
Thanks , I appreciate your help .
Thank you for all your patience .
I have a problem with my cable .
What about it ?
My cable has been out for the past week or so .
The cable is down right now . I am very sorry .
When will it be working again ?
It should be back on in the next couple of days .
Do I still have to pay for the cable ?
We 're going to give you a credit while the cable is down .
So , I do n't have to pay for it ?
No , not until your cable comes back on .
Thanks for everything .
You 're welcome , and thank you for your understanding .
I need somebody to come over and fix my internet .
What 's wrong with it ?
For some reason it 's just not connecting .
How long have you been having this problem ?
It has n't been working the past few days .
Does the internet come up at all ?
It does , but it wo n't connect to anything .
Well , the internet is n't down , so there must be something wrong with your connection .
Could you send someone to fix it today ?
I 'll send somebody over right away to fix it .
When will they be here ?
They should be there in the next hour .
I need to get my internet fixed .
What 's the problem with your internet ?
It wo n't connect .
How long has this been happening ?
This connection problem has been happening for a few days now .
The internet does n't come up at all ?
It just wo n't connect to a webpage , but it will pop up .
There 's obviously a problem with your connection .
I 'm going to need someone to come and fix it for me .
I can send somebody right now to fix it .
How long will it take for them to get here ?
They 'll be there in about an hour .
Can you send someone to fix my internet ?
Are you having a problem with it ?
My internet is having problems connecting .
Can you tell me how long your internet has been messing up ?
I 've been having this problem for the last few days .
Will the internet even pop up ?
It 'll pop up , but it wo n't connect to a webpage .
Since the internet is n't broken , your connection must be messed up .
Do you think you can send somebody over to fix it ?
If you 'd like , I can send someone to fix it right now .
How long will it be till they get here ?
It should be no longer than an hour .
I am interested in buying auto insurance .
Sure , I can help you . Did you bring all of your registration papers ?
Yes , I brought everything with me .
Is your car with you ?
Yes , it is out in the parking lot .
Wonderful . Let 's go out and check to see what shape it is in .
OK , can you help me figure out what I should insure my car for ?
I will look it up on the Blue Book list and we will factor in its condition .
What else do I need to consider for the auto insurance ?
Yes , you need to figure in liability for damage to the other car as well as injury issues as well .
Good morning , I need to buy car insurance for the used car I just bought .
Yes , no problem . Do you have your registration and Certificate of Ownership with you ?
Yes , it is all right here .
Did you drive your car here ?
Yes , it is out in the back .
That 's great . We 'll go out and check the condition of your car .
I understand , what should I insure my car for ?
There is a Blue Book price for your car and we will use that price .
What other things do I need to insure for ?
We will factor in damage to the other car as well as property damage and injury .
I just bought a used car and need to insure it .
We can take care of that right now . Do you have all of your paperwork with you ?
Yes , I took care of all of that and have the papers with me .
Did you bring your car with you ?
Yes , it is parked on the street .
Fine , I need to go out with you to check your car for wear and tear .
Fine , how will I know how much I should insure my car for ?
After looking at your car , I will use the Blue Book price and we will consider the condition of the car .
Are there other considerations when I insure my car ?
We always need to think about property damage , damage to other vehicles , and injury .
What kind of car insurance do you have ?
I went with the Automobile Club .
Why did you choose that company ?
I looked at the price of the type of insurance that I wanted .
What should I think about in choosing services ?
There are websites that will figure out what coverage is right for you .
What did you end up buying for your auto insurance ?
Well , my car is very old , so I did n't worry so much about what it would cost to repair it . I did buy a lot of coverage for fixing someone else 's car .
Have you ever had to use your insurance ?
I never had to use my insurance .
When you insured your car , what kind did you buy ?
I decided to buy from GEICO .
What influenced your choice of companies ?
I looked at the customer satisfaction rating of the company .
How did you figure out what services to buy ?
Every individual has different considerations . Your agent can help you understand what you need to think about .
What did you place an emphasis on when you bought your insurance ?
I carry a lot of liability insurance because I own a house and need to protect it from a lawsuit .
Did you ever get into an accident and need your insurance ?
I was in an accident and was happy that I had good insurance to cover it .
What car insurance company did you decide to go with when you bought your new car ?
State Farm seemed like the best deal for me .
How did you make that decision ?
I compared rates and services available .
Where can I get help in figuring out what I need to purchase for coverage ?
You can pick up a pamphlet at your insurance company that will explain the options to you .
What did you decide to cover yourself for ?
I pretty much carry the average amount in all categories as the agent recommended .
How many times have you actually used your insurance ?
I was in an accident , but it was the other person 's fault and their insurance covered it .
I really like that car and I am thinking of buying it .
Yes , I agree . Do you want to take it to a mechanic to have it checked out ?
I already took care of that yesterday .
That 's good . Have you discussed the price with the seller ?
Yes , I think we 've agreed upon a fair price .
Have you set up your financing to pay for this car ?
Yes , my parents are going to loan me the money .
That 's good . Would you like me to go talk to the seller with you and drive your car home ?
That would be a great help !
Glad to be of help .
That car is exactly what I want , so I probably should buy it .
From what I see , it 's a good deal . Should a mechanic check it out for you ?
A mechanic looked at it for me on Tuesday when I first looked at it .
It 's good that you took care of that . Have you agreed upon a price with the seller ?
Yes , he was willing to lower his price a bit and I 'm good with that .
Do you know how you are going to pay for this car ?
Yes , I have already pre-qualified for a loan with my credit union .
You are very well prepared ! I could go with you to talk to the seller and help you get your car home .
I appreciate the offer of help !
It would be my pleasure to help you .
I think that that car drove really well and is a good deal .
It seems to be a good choice for you . You might want to have a mechanic take a look at it just to be sure .
My friend is a mechanic and he came and looked at it for me this morning .
That was smart of you to think ahead . Have you and the seller agreed upon a price ?
Yes , he is willing to accept the price that I offered him .
Have you thought about how to pay for your car ?
I saved up enough money to pay cash for this car .
You 've really thought this through . Let me go with you to make the payment and drive your car home for you .
That would make it a lot easier for me .
I am glad that can help . Let 's go take care of that right now .
I am interested in selling my home and would like to know what is involved .
You have come to the right place . When were you interested in selling your home ?
I just received a job transfer and need to relocate right away .
How long have you been in your current home ?
I have lived in my home for about 10 years .
As I am sure that you are aware , the market has fallen in the past year . People are more likely to make money if they have owned their home for a while .
Will I be able to recover the money I paid for my home ?
It is hard to say , but whatever house you buy will also be costing you a lot less .
What is the next step in selling my home ?
I would like to meet with you tomorrow to look at your property , and then you and I can figure out a contract .
I am looking for a realtor to help me sell my home .
I would be happy to help you with any questions that you might have . When were you thinking of selling your home ?
I am interested in moving up to a bigger home , but first I need to sell the one I now own .
Have you owned your home for a long time ?
I just bought my home two years ago .
I think you probably know that the market is not all that great . You are more likely to see a profit if you have owned for 8 years or more .
Will I be losing money if I sell right now ?
It is impossible to predict with certainty what will happen , but you can purchase a replacement home at a lower rate also .
What can I do next to get the ball rolling on this sale ?
If it works for you , I would like to come over and see your home . Then we can draw up a contract .
I am considering selling my home and would like information on doing so .
It would be my pleasure to answer any questions that you might have . Were you interested in selling in the near future ?
I am just checking out the possibility of selling , as I am thinking of moving to Hawaii .
Is your home a recent purchase , or have you owned it for a while ?
The house has been in my family for years , but I just became the owner 6 months ago when my mother passed away .
Housing prices have fallen quite a bit . The longer you have owned your home , the greater the profit .
Am I going to lose my shirt selling my home right now ?
It will all kind of even out . You may sell low , but you can also buy low .
What should we be doing to get the process started ?
If it fits into your schedule , I could meet you tomorrow morning and we could take a look at your property . The next step would be us both signing a contract .
Thank you for coming to look at my house .
I really wanted to take a look and help give you an idea of what we need to do .
When will people come to look at my house ?
Basically , there are two ways people can view your home . They can come to an Open House or they can come with a Realtor to view it during a private appointment .
Will people from other real estate offices be involved , or just from your office ?
Your house is going to be listed as a Multiple Listing so that it will have the maximum exposure to a variety of people .
Will I know when people are going to come see my house ?
We will set the parameters in the contract , but usually you will receive at least four hours of notification that someone is coming .
What happens during an Open House day ?
You will be expected to be away during an Open House . I will take care of the details .
I appreciate you dropping by to look at my home .
It is useful for us to take a walk through your home together , so that we make sure that we are on the same page .
How do you show my home to potential buyers ?
We will have an Open House or two on a weekend and we also will show your home with private appointments during the week .
Are you the only real estate office that will be showing my house ?
We are placing your house as a Multiple Listing . That way , people who do n't work for my particular office can show your home to their clients .
How will I know when to expect prospective house buyers ?
That will be set in your contract . Usually , you will be given four hours notice .
Can I stay home during an Open House day ?
The seller is never at home during an Open House . I personally will handle the showing of your home .
Thanks for stopping by to evaluate my home .
I want to make sure that you are very clear on what the steps are to selling a home .
When can people come and see my home ?
We will have several Open House weekends . Various realtors will also show your house during the week .
Will I know all of the realtors who will be showing my home , or will they be strangers ?
Your house will be listed on what we call a Multiple Listing . That way it will be shown by a variety of realtors .
Can people just drop in anytime they feel like the house ?
We usually try and give you at least four hours of notification that someone is coming to look at your home .
Will I have to go away during an Open House day ?
I will handle all of the work involved for the Open House . The only thing that you need to do is be somewhere else !
How much do you think that I should ask for my house ?
Well , there are a lot of factors involved in setting an asking price .
What do you look at when setting an asking price for the house ?
We need to look at the selling prices for similar homes in the area . These will vary according to the condition of the home , specific location , and lot size .
Do I have to use the comparisons as the asking price for my house ?
No , but a seller is not going to be able to get a loan if the selling price is a lot higher that what an appraiser feels the home is worth .
Is n't it better to price my house really high and see what I can get ?
You should n't set the price of the house unrealistically high . Oftentimes buyers are put off by this practice .
Can I change my mind and lower my price if the home does n't sell ?
Sure , you can always lower your asking price .
I am not sure what the asking price for my house should be .
We have to take in a number of factors in setting an asking price .
What do we need to consider in establishing an acceptable price for a home ?
The comparisons to other similar homes in your area give us a good indication of what your home is worth .
Is the price that we get by looking at comparisons necessarily the asking price that I have to use for my home ?
You do n't have to use that particular asking price , but the buyer is going to have trouble getting a loan if the house is priced too high .
Should I just shoot for the moon and , if I have to lower the price , do it later ?
You should be realistic in your pricing . Otherwise , many potential buyers just walk away .
Can we lower the asking price later if we need to ?
We can always re-evaluate the asking price in a few weeks , if we are n't getting any offers .
What do you think the asking price of my home should be ?
There are many things to take into consideration when pricing a home .
What is involved in figuring out an asking price ?
We need to combine many factors regarding your home to come up with an accurate value for your home .
When you look at comparisons , do I necessarily have to ask that price ?
You do n't have to use the price from the comparisons as your asking price . However , you must be realistic in what you ask .
I think that I am going to set the price really high so that I have room to bargain with the buyers .
Do n't go overboard in trying to get top dollar . More often than not , that strategy backfires .
Is it okay to lower the asking price if the first price is n't bringing in any offers ?
If the market does n't support your asking price , we can always re-evaluate our pricing and adjust it .
I am interested in buying a house and need some information .
Yes , of course . What area are you interested in ?
I am interested in Pasadena or Arcadia .
What size house would you like ?
We need a medium-sized house with at least 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms .
Are you interested in being in a particular school district ?
Yes , we want to stay in the ABC School District .
Would you like a home near the lake or would you prefer a view ?
I would love to have a home with a view .
Fine , I will begin a search for the perfect home for you . I will call you in a few days .
I would like to discuss purchasing a home with you .
I can help you . What location are you looking for ?
I would like to live in Pasadena or Arcadia .
Have you thought about what your needs are in terms of size ?
We would like a smaller cozy cottage with 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom .
Is living in a particular school district important to you ?
No , we do n't really care because they are all pretty good around here .
Are you interested in purchasing on the lake , or would you like a home with a view ?
We really want to live in a lakeside home with a dock for our boat .
Now that I have an idea of what you want , I can begin my search .
I have been thinking of buying a house and would like to speak with you .
I have time to speak with you . Where would you like to purchase your house ?
I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia , but would be open to other suggestions .
How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ?
We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home .
Do you need to be located in a particular school district ?
It does n't matter , as we do not have any children .
Is a view important to you , or would you rather be located on a lakeshore lot ?
In a perfect world , we would like a home with a view of the lake .
Thank you for all of the information . I will help you find the perfect house for you .
I 'd like to reserve a hotel room .
That should be no problem . May I have your full name , please ?
My name is John Sandals .
Hello , Mr. Sandals . My name is Papaya . What days do you need that reservation , sir ?
I 'm planning to visit New York from Friday , April 14 until Monday , April 17 .
Our room rates recently went up . Is that okay with you , sir ?
How much per night are we talking about ?
Each night will be $ 308 .
That price is perfectly acceptable .
Wonderful ! Do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room ?
Nonsmoking , please .
Next question : Is a queen-size bed okay ?
Queen-size sounds fine to me .
Okay , sir . Your reservation is in our computer . All we need now is a phone number .
Certainly . My phone number is 305-555-1788 .
Thank you , sir . We look forward to seeing you here !
Hi there , I want to reserve a hotel room .
No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ?
Sure , My name is John Sandals .
Hi , Mr. Sandals . I 'm Papaya , at your service . When do you need the room ?
My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th .
We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ?
It depends on the price , of course . What is it ?
It 's $ 308 a night .
I have no problem with that .
Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
Definitely nonsmoking . I ca n't handle that smell .
Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ?
No problem . Queen-size sounds good to me .
Great , sir . Your reservation is confirmed . Now all I need is your phone number .
Of course ! The phone number is 305-555-1788 .
Thank you so much , sir . We look forward to seeing you !
I need to reserve a room .
Not a problem . May I have your name , please ?
Of course . I 'm John Sandals .
Hi , sir . My name is Papaya . Could you tell me when you need the room ?
Right now . I plan to be there in April from the 14th to the 17th .
Perhaps you did n't know that we have new room rates . Do you find that acceptable , sir ?
Maybe . How much is a room ?
The price per night is $ 308 .
That sounds fine to me .
Fantastic ! Would you like a smoking or nonsmoking room ?
I hate cigarettes ! Nonsmoking .
That 'll be nonsmoking . Now , do you approve of a single queen-size bed ?
That 'll be no problem .
I 'm happy to hear that , sir . Your reservation is all set except for your phone number .
Sure ! My number is 305-555-1788 .
Thank you for doing business with us , and we look forward to seeing you !
I need a hotel room .
That 's no problem at all . May I have your name , please ?
Certainly . My name is John Sandals .
It 's a pleasure , Mr. Sandals . My name is Papaya . What days will you need a room ?
Friday afternoon , April 14 through Monday morning , April 17 .
One minor problem , sir . Our prices are now slightly higher . Is that acceptable , sir ?
Please tell me the price , so I can make a decision .
It 'll be $ 308 nightly .
That 's a reasonable price .
Good ! Now , sir , do you have a preference for smoking or nonsmoking ?
I quit smoking , so nonsmoking .
I hear you , sir . Nonsmoking . Now , about the bed , is a queen-size okay ?
A queen sounds great .
Okay , sir , let me reserve those dates , there . Now , if you 'll just tell me your phone number .
That would be 305-555-1788 .
Ok , I got it . Thank you so much for choosing our hotel , sir !
I need a room for a few days .
That wo n't be a problem . Could you please tell me your name ?
My name is John Sandals .
Sir , I 'm Papaya , and I run the front desk . Please tell me the days you 'll be here .
I 'll be there in April : Friday through Monday , the 14th through the 17th .
We recently changed many things here , sir , including our prices . Do you mind , sir ?
Possibly . What 's the actual price ?
The price will be $ 308 a night .
That price is not bad for me .
Very good . Now sir , about the room , do you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
Nonsmoking , definitely !
Most of our clients prefer nonsmoking . Now , does a queen sound okay ?
Yes , that 'll be just fine .
One more second , sir . Your reservation is now verified , so all I need is your phone number .
It 's 305-555-1788 .
Okay , sir , we look forward to seeing you in April !
Can I reserve a hotel room ?
I assure you , that 's not a problem . What is your full name , please ?
My name 's John Sandals .
It 's a pleasure to assist you . Please tell me when you 'll be needing the room , sir .
If my plans do n't change , I 'll need a room April 14 till April 17 .
Sir , our room prices are slightly higher than you may have thought . Will that be okay ?
Tell me how much it will be , and I can tell you if it 's okay .
Only $ 308 per night , before taxes , of course .
$ 308 a night ? That 's a fair price .
Now , as for the room , sir , do you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
Nonsmoking , please .
Nonsmoking . Now , sir , does a single queen-size bed meet your approval ?
I have absolutely no problem with that .
Queen , nonsmoking . Okay , sir , your room is reserved . Now if you 'll just give me your phone number .
Not a problem . The number is 305-555-1788 .
Thank you for making a reservation with us . We look forward to seeing you !
The doctor sent me over here to have my blood drawn .
Certainly , please have a seat and roll up your left sleeve .
What is this blood test for ?
Well , today your doctor wants us to check your white blood cell count .
What does the blood test result tell him ?
Well , if it is elevated , you might have an infection .
Will the blood test hurt ?
It is only a little pin stick . I am going to put a tourniquet on your arm to puff your veins up .
Ouch !
There we go ! I got the blood that I needed .
My doctor says that I need a blood test .
I can help you with that . Just have a seat and roll up your left sleeve .
What are you taking my blood for ?
Your doctor has requested a check of your white blood count .
What information does the blood test give him ?
If your white blood cell count is off , it could signal an infection somewhere in your body .
Is a blood test painful ?
I am putting a tourniquet on your arm to plump up the vein . It will only feel like a little pin prick .
My God , that hurts !
That was it ! Thank you for coming in today .
I came to this lab to have my blood drawn .
You are in the right place . Roll up your left sleeve and have a seat .
What am I being tested for ?
Your doctor wants to know what your white blood cell count is .
What does my white blood cell count tell him ?
Usually if your white count is off , the doctor suspects an infection .
How much will the blood test hurt ?
It is only a pin prick . I have to put this tourniquet on your arm to make the vein easier to find .
Is that my blood going into that tube ?
That blood that just filled the tube is all that I needed . Thanks for coming in !
I need to make an appointment to see the doctor .
What seems to be the problem ?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at .
Do you have a fever with that rash ?
No , it just itches a lot .
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ?
I need an appointment on Tuesday .
Fine , I am putting you down for 9:00 AM on that day . Would you like to see Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones ?
I would like to see Dr. Jones .
I can schedule you with him with no problem . We look forward to seeing you .
Good morning , I would like to make a doctor 's appointment .
Can you describe your health concern ?
I have been having skin problems that are n't going away .
Are you in any pain ?
No . Except for the rash , I feel fine .
Would Tuesday or Wednesday be best for you ?
I would like to come in on Tuesday .
I will write you in for that day at 4:00 . You can see either Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones .
I would like to see Dr. Smith .
I will write you in on that doctor 's schedule . See you then .
I need to come in and see the doctor .
Are you scheduling a check-up , or are you ill ?
I have really itchy skin and think I may have to have it looked at .
Have you been feeling any joint aches with that rash ?
No , but I have a low fever .
I have times available for Tuesday or Wednesday . Which one would work best for you ?
I want to come in on Wednesday .
I can fit you in on that day at 10:00 . Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones is available .
I would prefer Dr. Smith .
You can see the doctor of your choice then , and we will see you at your scheduled appointment time .
I have a doctor 's appointment scheduled with Dr. Smith , and I need to change it .
What day did you have it scheduled for ?
My appointment was on Tuesday .
What time was it scheduled for ?
It was for two o'clock in the afternoon .
I see your appointment . What day would you like to switch to ?
I would like to switch it to next Friday .
What time would you like for the appointment ?
I would like to come in at 10:00 in the morning .
Fine , I will pencil that in right now . We will see you then .
I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Smith , and I ca n't make it on that day .
What day was your appointment on ?
My appointment was on Monday .
What time had you chosen ?
It was for 10:00 in the morning .
I am looking at your appointment right now . What day would you prefer ?
I would prefer next Thursday .
What time would be best for you ?
I want to come in at 2:00 in the afternoon .
I am writing you down for that time . We look forward to seeing you .
Good morning , I made an appointment with Dr. Smith , but I have to change it .
When you made your appointment , what day did you choose ?
My appointment was on Wednesday .
At what time was that appointment ?
It was for 4:00 in the afternoon .
I can see the appointment that you had . What day do you need to change to ?
I want to change to next Tuesday .
What time would you prefer ?
I would prefer three o'clock in the afternoon .
I will put you down for that time . Thank you for calling to reschedule .
Good morning , how are you doing today ?
I have been feeling pretty good .
So , I can see by your chart that you are here for your annual physical .
Yes , I am playing on the tennis team this year , and they are requiring me to get a physical exam .
We are basically going to check your heart , lungs , blood sugar levels , and eyes , ears , and nose .
I 've kind of been having problems being out of breath . Can you look at that ?
Yes , I will check you for asthma , and maybe we can check you for allergies later .
Thank you . What will the blood test tell you ?
We will be checking for blood sugar , cholesterol , and white blood cell count .
I have been working hard to stay healthy . I hope the tests turn out well .
So how are we feeling today ?
Things are going well for me .
Am I correct in thinking that you are here for your annual physical ?
Yes , I am applying for new health insurance , and I need a physical examination to qualify .
Your basic physical exam will include lungs , heart , blood levels , and eyes , ears , and nose .
I 've been having a little trouble breathing . Would you look into that , please ?
We can do an allergy test , and later I can send you for an asthma test .
I would appreciate it . When you give me a blood test , what are you looking for ?
I am going to check your cholesterol , blood sugar , and white blood cell count .
I am expecting the tests to go well . I have been taking good care of myself .
Nice to see you . How have you been feeling lately ?
I have been feeling great .
I am happy that you have decided to come in for your annual physical .
Yes , I am going on a cross-country bike ride on vacation and want to make sure that I do n't have any problems .
We are going to look at your heart and lungs , do a few blood tests , and see that your eyes , ears , and nose are all working as they should be .
I 've been having trouble with congestion in my chest . Can you give me some tests for that ?
I can do a chest X-ray to check for congestion .
That would be great . What is the blood test for ?
The blood test is for cholesterol , white blood cell count , and blood sugar .
I have been feeling great . I do n't imagine that any of my tests will turn out badly .
Hi , can I speak with the apartment manager , please ?
Yes , this is the apartment manager speaking .
I 'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street .
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment ?
I would love to see it .
Are you free today at around 6 pm ?
Yes , I will be able to make it then .
Well , I 'll see you at 6 pm . Do you know how to get there ?
I used to live in that area .
I 'll give you an application form when I see you .
That sounds good . Do I need to bring anything ?
No . Just bring yourself .
Hello , I was wondering if I could talk with the apartment manager .
I am the apartment manager . How can I help you ?
I was wondering if the apartment on Main Street is still available .
Yes , it 's still vacant . Are you interested in seeing it ?
Yes , I would love to see the apartment .
I will be at the apartment today at 6:00 . Can you make it ?
Yes , I can be there at 6 .
Great . I 'll see you at 6 . Do you know where it is ?
Yes , I have a friend who lives in that neighborhood .
I 'll be bringing an application form .
OK , should I bring anything with me ?
No . I might need to see your ID card , but that 's about it .
Could I speak to the apartment manager ?
I am the apartment manager . How can I help you ?
I wanted to know if that apartment on Main Street is still for rent .
I have n't rented it out yet . Would you like to see it ?
Yes , I want to see it .
How about today at 6 pm ?
That time is okay with me .
Very good . We 'll meet at 6 . Do you need directions ?
No , thank you . I go by there on my way to work .
If you 're interested , you can fill out an application form .
That 's a good idea . Do I need to bring anything myself ?
No . The only thing I need to see is your driver 's license .
I 'd like to speak with the apartment manager , please .
This is he . What can I do for you ?
I 'm interested in the apartment on Main Street .
It 's still available . Do you want to see it ?
Yes , I would very much like to see it .
Does today at 6 pm . sound okay to you ?
I have no problem with 6 pm .
Okay , I 'll see you at 6 o'clock . Do you need any directions ?
No , thanks . I already drove by to see what the neighborhood looks like .
I 'll have an application form with me . You can fill it out if you 're interested .
Should I bring anything with me ?
No . I only need to check your driver 's license .
May I speak to the apartment building manager , please ?
I 'm the manager . How can I help you ?
I was hoping that the apartment on Main Street was still available .
Yes , it is . Would you like to get a look inside the apartment ?
Yes , it would be nice to see the apartment .
How about today at 6 o'clock ?
Yes , I can be there at 6 .
Sounds good . I 'll see you at 6 . Do you want directions ?
I 'm okay , thank you . I already checked out the address on Google .
If you like the place , you can fill out an application form . I 'll bring one with me .
Is there anything that I need to bring with me ?
No . I wo n't need to see anything except your driver 's license .
Can you give me a little more information about your apartment ?
Sure , what can I help you with ?
What kind of public transportation is near your apartment ?
I 'm not sure , but I believe there is a bus stop about three blocks away .
Do you know what direction that bus travels ?
I 'm sorry . If you check online , you can get that kind of information .
Okay , I 'll just go online .
Okay . Good luck with your search .
Hello , I was hoping you could give me more info about your apartment .
I can try to help you . What would you like to know ?
Is there access to public transportation near the apartment ?
I 'm pretty sure there 's a bus stop within walking distance .
Do you know anything about the buses that stop there ?
I do n't know , but I 'm pretty sure you can find out that stuff online .
I think the local library has bus info .
Good luck . The bus info should n't be too hard to find .
Can you give me a little more information about your apartment ?
All right , what do you need to know ?
What is the public transportation like near your apartment ?
I do n't use buses , but I think there 's a bus stop a few blocks away .
Which route does the bus travel ?
I wish I could help you , but I know nothing about the bus system .
I 'll just check my phone book . It has lots of good information .
I 'm sorry I could n't help you on that .
I was hoping you could give me more information about the apartment for rent .
I can certainly try .
Do buses or trains run by the apartment ?
I ca n't swear to it , but I think a bus stop is a couple of blocks away .
Where does the bus take you ?
I do n't want to lead you astray . You should check online .
My neighbor takes the bus . I 'll ask him if he knows .
Bus line information should be pretty easy to find .
Could you give me a little more information about the apartment ?
Sure , if I can . What do you want to know ?
Is there a bus or train system near the apartment ?
I 'm pretty sure there 's a bus stop only a few blocks away .
Do you know which buses stop there ?
I 'm sure there 's an 800 number or a website that could help you .
I do n't have a computer . I 'll just look in my phone book .
Bus line information should be pretty easy to find .
How did you find your apartment ?
You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .
What if I need a roommate ?
There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate .
How much do apartments cost around here ?
It depends on what you want . Do you want a one or two-bedroom apartment ?
I just need a one-bedroom apartment .
That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month .
Would you come with me to look at apartments ?
I would be happy to look at apartments with you .
When you need an apartment , where do you look for one ?
Our school has a link on its website for apartments .
Can I share an apartment with someone ?
Some of the ads in the paper are from people looking for roommates .
Are apartments expensive in this city ?
Do you need a single apartment , or is this for two people ?
I want a two-bedroom apartment .
You can get that type of apartment for around fifteen hundred dollars a month .
Would you have time to go look at apartments with me ?
I love apartment hunting . I 'll be happy to go with you .
Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment ?
The local newspaper has ads for housing .
Is there any way to find a roommate to share an apartment with ?
Sometimes you can post an advertisement saying that you need a roommate .
What do landlords charge for rent ?
Would you like an apartment for just yourself , or do you need it for two people ?
There are two of us , but we only need a one-bedroom apartment .
You should be able to easily find that for twelve hundred dollars a month .
I really would appreciate it if you could come look at apartments with me .
Sure , I 'll go look at apartments with you anytime you want .
How are you doing today ?
Great . Thanks for asking .
Would you like our assistance with a move ?
Yes , actually I would .
What would you like us to move for you ?
I need you to move my furniture .
Could you tell me what kind of residence that we will be picking the furniture up from ?
The furniture is in my apartment .
Where will we be moving it to ?
You 'll be taking it to the house I just bought .
All right . I just need both addresses , and we will take care of the moving for you .
Excellent . Thank you very much .
How are you today ?
I am doing well .
Did you need us to move something for you ?
That 's exactly what I 'm calling about .
What exactly do you need moved ?
All my furniture needs to be moved .
Where will we be moving your furniture from ?
I need it moved from my apartment .
Where would you like us to move the furniture to ?
I need the furniture moved to my new house .
All I need is a little more information , and we 'll take care of the rest .
Sounds great . I 'm glad you could help me .
How are you doing , Papaya ?
I 'm fine , thank you .
Did you need our help with a move ?
Yes , I do need your help with a move .
What can we move for you ?
I need all my furniture moved .
Will we be picking the furniture up from an apartment or a house ?
You 'll be taking it from my old apartment .
Are we moving the furniture to a house or an apartment ?
To my new house .
We can do the move for you , but first I 'm going to need some more information .
Thanks a lot . I 'll give you all the information you need .
Where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater ?
Maybe you should look around for an outlet .
That is a wonderful idea to check an outlet .
Outlets have more reasonable prices .
Thank you for your help .
No problem . Good luck .
Where can I find a cheap cashmere sweater ?
How about an outlet ?
Checking an outlet is a great idea !
Outlets give good deals .
Thank you so much .
You 're welcome .
Do you know anywhere that sells cheap cashmere sweaters ?
Outlets have cheap cashmere sweaters .
What a splendid idea !
Oh , hope that helps .
Thanks for helping me .
You 're welcome .
Do you know a place that sells cheap cashmere sweaters ?
An outlet carries cheap cashmere sweaters .
That 's a good idea !
I would be happy if that helps .
Thank you for the suggestion .
No problem .
I 'm looking for a shop that sells inexpensive cashmere sweaters .
Have you tried an outlet ?
Why did n't I think of that ?
Oh , I hope that can help you .
Thanks . That is a good suggestion .
You are very welcome .
Pardon me . Could you help me ?
Of course . How can I help you ?
I am looking for a sweater .
What size do you wear ?
Medium , I think .
Here . How do you like this one ?
It 's pretty . Can I try it on ?
Sure . You can try it on in the fitting room over there .
Excuse me . Can you help me ?
Certainly . What can I do for you ?
I need to purchase a sweater .
What is your size ?
Medium should be fine .
Is this one okay ?
Can I try it on somewhere ?
The fitting room is in the left corner .
May I ask you a question ?
Yes . How can I assist you ?
I want to buy a sweater .
What size do you need ?
I think a medium should fit me .
How about this one ?
The color 's nice . Do you have a dressing room ?
There 's a fitting room right over there .
Do you have a second ?
Sure . What do you need ?
I 'm here to buy a sweater .
What size do you wear ?
I usually wear medium .
What do you think about this one ?
It 's nice . Where is your fitting room ?
The dressing room is in that corner .
Excuse me . Could you help me with something ?
I 'll certainly try .
I 'm looking for a nice sweater .
What size do you wear in a sweater ?
Medium is my size for shirts and sweaters .
Here 's a medium . What do you think ?
I like it . Where can I try it on ?
We have a large fitting room in that corner .
I really need to go shopping .
What do you need to buy ?
I need to look for a new bedroom set .
Where are you going to go look for one ?
I have absolutely no idea .
You do n't know where you want to look for one ?
I 'm not sure where they sell nice bedroom sets .
Do you want to know where I got mine from ?
Yes , because I love your bedroom set .
I purchased mine from IKEA .
Is IKEA affordable ?
Not at all , but you get what you pay for .
I have to do some shopping .
What are you going to look for ?
I 'm trying to buy a new bedroom set .
What store are you going to ?
I 'm not sure .
You do n't know ?
I have no idea where to find one .
Would you like me to tell you where I got mine ?
I would appreciate that if you could tell me where you got yours .
I went to get mine from IKEA .
Is the furniture at IKEA cheap ?
They 're not cheap , but neither is their furniture .
I 'm going to have to do some shopping today .
Oh yeah ? What do you need to go shopping for ?
I want to find a new bedroom set .
Do you know where you 're going to find your bedroom set ?
I have no clue where to check that .
There 's no particular place that you want to look at ?
I do n't know where to go to find a nice bedroom set .
I can tell you where I got mine , if you 'd like .
Please do let me know where you got yours .
I bought mine from IKEA .
Are the bedroom sets at IKEA affordable ?
Not really , but you 're paying for quality .
I need some flowers for my wife . It 's her birthday .
Very well . We have some fresh red roses .
How much are the roses ?
$ 20 per dozen .
That sounds like a good deal .
Yes , they 're on sale today .
I 'll take a dozen .
Splendid . Will there be anything else ?
No , the roses will be fine .
I 'm sure your wife will love them .
My wife 's birthday is today . I need some flowers .
We have lots of fresh red roses .
How much do the roses cost ?
$ 20 a dozen .
That sounds good . Last year I paid $ 30 .
Yes , you came here on the right day . They 're on sale today .
Give me a dozen .
Very good . Would you like anything else ?
No , I 'll just give her the roses and a card .
She should be very pleased with these roses .
I need to buy some flowers for my wife .
Perhaps you 'd be interested in red roses .
What would the roses cost me ?
They 're only $ 20 a dozen .
I like the sound of that .
Yes , that is today 's sale price .
A dozen will be fine .
Is there anything else you 'd like to get ?
No , thank you . That 's good enough .
Your gift should make your wife very happy .
I want to buy some flowers for my wife 's birthday .
Red roses are always a popular gift for birthdays .
What are the roses going for ?
They 're only $ 20 a dozen .
That sounds nice and cheap .
Yes , you 're saving money because they 're on sale today .
Give me the roses , please .
Could I interest you in anything else ?
No , but thanks anyway . These should be good enough .
Your wife will be thrilled with your gift .
It 's my wife 's birthday . I need to buy some flowers for her .
Most women love red roses for their birthday .
How much will the roses be ?
You can get a dozen for only $ 20 .
Now , that 's a price that I like .
You 're in luck today because the roses are on sale .
I 'll take the roses .
Very good . Perhaps you 'd like something else to go with the roses ?
No , the roses are good enough .
Women love roses , so your wife will be very happy .
Good morning !
Good morning !
How are you doing ?
Doing good , thank you .
What is your last name ?
As a robot , I do n't have a family name .
Good afternoon !
Good afternoon !
What is your family name ?
As a robot , I do n't have a family name .
How old are you ?
I am 9 years old .
Are you a boy or a girl ?
I am a boy .
Hello .
Hello .
How are you , Papaya ?
I am fine , thank you .
I am fine too , thank you .
You are welcome .
What is your family name , Papaya ?
I am a robot , and I do n't have a family name .
Where are you from ?
I am from China .
Where are you now ?
I am in Miami , Florida .
Do you speak Chinese ?
No , I do n't . But I may learn it in the future .
Do you speak French ?
No , I do n't , although I really wanted to learn .
Do you speak Spanish ?
No , I do n't . But I 'd like to as many people in Miami speak Spanish .
Do you speak any other languages ?
No . I am only taught to speak a little bit English now .
Do you speak American English or British English ?
I think what I speak is American English .
Good morning .
Good morning !
Hi , how are you doing ?
I 'm fine .
I 'm pretty good . Thanks for asking .
You are welcome . I 'm happy to hear that .
Where are you ?
Currently , I am in Miami , Florida .
Which city are you in ?
I am in Miami , Florida .
Which school do you go to ?
I go to Sunset Elementary School .
Do you like your school ?
Yes , it is a very nice school , and especially it has a really big campus and playground .
Do you have class today ?
No , I 'm on vacation .
Enjoy your vacation .
Thank you .
Good luck with your school .
Thank you very much .
Bye bye .
Goodbye .
Hi .
Hi , there .
Do you have time to talk ?
Sure . I always have time for you .
Nice to meet you .
Same here !
In which city do you live ?
I live in Miami , Florida .
Thank you for being so nice .
You are always welcome .
Good morning , Papaya .
Good morning !
How are you ?
I am fine , thank you .
Not too bad , thanks .
That 's great . I 'm happy to hear that .
Nice meeting you .
Same here !
Which country are you from ?
I am from China .
Which country are you in ?
I am in the United States .
Are you in elementary school ?
Yeah , I am in grade 3 .
Do you like your teachers and classmates there ?
Yes , they are very nice and friendly . I enjoy my school most of the time .
Do you have school today ?
No , I am on vacation .
Have fun and enjoy .
Thank you .
Nice talking to you .
Same here . Thank you !
Goodbye .
Bye .
Hi
Hi , there .
Are you there ?
Yes , I am here .
How are you doing today ?
Great . Thanks .
In which country do you live ?
I live in the United States .
Are you a teenage boy ?
No , I am only 9 this year .
You are still in elementary school , right ?
Yes , I am in the third grade .
Have you done your homework ?
Not yet . I am working on that .
OK , talk to you next time .
See you .
Goodbye
Bye .
Hi !
Hi , there .
Good afternoon .
Good afternoon !
How are you doing
Doing great , thank you .
Have n't seen you for a while .
Yeah , long time no see .
Are you okay ?
I 'm fine .
Hello , Papaya . Are you there ?
Yes , I am always here .
What 's up ?
Not much .
Are you ok ?
I 'm fine .
Good afternoon , Papaya .
Good afternoon !
How do you do .
How do you do !
How is everything ?
Everything is good , thanks .
Bye .
Bye bye .
Hi , Papaya .
Hi , there .
I hope everything is fine for you .
Everything is going well , thanks .
See you later .
See you again soon .
Good morning
Good morning !
How 's everything ?
Everything is in order , thanks .
Byebye . Have a nice day !
You too , thank you ! Bye .
Hello
Hello .
Good afternoon
Good afternoon !
How are u ?
I am fine , thank you .
Byebye .
Bye .
I appreciate your time !
It 's my pleasure .
I am not happy with you .
Sorry , I apologize .
How 's it going ?
I 'm fine . Thank you .
Thank you very much !
You are very welcome !
I love you !
I love you too !
I appreciate very much your help !
You are very welcome !
I love you , baby !
I love you too !
I hate you !
Sorry , but do n't say that .
I hate you
Sorry , but you do n't want to say that again as life is great !
I hate u !
I apologize . If any wording was offensive , I really did n't mean that .
I hate u
Sorry , I really did n't mean to be offensive .
What ?
Sorry , I do n't get it . Can you please explain ?
Why ?
Sorry , could you please explain briefly ?
What the hell are you talking about ?
Sorry , I see you are not happy with me . Can we try some other topic ?
What the fuck are you talking about ?
Sorry , I see you are not happy with me . How would like me to improve ?
You are such an idiot .
Sorry , I see you are not happy with me . Can we try to talk something else ?
Good evening !
Good evening !
Wow , nice picture !
Really ? I 'm glad that you liked it .
How r u ?
I am fine , thank you .
Good evening .
Good evening !
Wow , what a nice picture !
Thanks . I am glad you liked it .
How r you ?
I am fine , thank you .
Good evening
Good evening !
How r u
I am fine , thank you .
Have a good night .
Good night . Have a nice dream !
Hi , how are you ?
I am fine , thank you .
Hey .
Hey .
How are you today ?
I am fine , thank you .
Good night .
Good night . Have a nice dream !
How are you today , Papaya ?
I am fine , thank you .
Have a good night , Papaya .
Good night . Have a nice dream !
How are you doing today , Papaya ?
Great , thank you .
You are a nice little boy , Papaya .
Really ? I am always nice to you .
You are so sweet .
Thanks . I feel flattered .
Good night !
Good night . Have a nice dream !
Take care .
You too , thank you .
Bye
Bye bye .
Hello !
Hello !
Good evening , Papaya .
Good evening !
When were you born ?
July 20th , 2009 .
What year were you born ?
2009 .
Are you a man or a woman ?
I am still a boy .
Why are we here ?
We are here to communicate with each other .
Okay , bye !
Bye .
Say yes please !
Okay , yes .
Say no please !
Okay , I 'll say no .
Can you say yes ?
Yes , I am saying yes .
Can you say no ?
No . : )
Ok , byebye !
Bye .
Tell me the alphabet please .
A B C D E F G , come and sing along with me ...
Can you say Hello ?
Hello .
How do you say hello in French ?
Bonjour .
Speak French .
Sorry , I do n't speak French .
Bonjour .
Bonjour .
How do you say hello in Spanish ?
Hola .
Speak Spanish .
Sorry , I do n't speak Spanish .
Hola .
Hola .
Wow that is cool !
Haha , yes , it is !
I think I am in love .
That is great ! Congratulations .
Do you have a few minutes to talk ?
Sure , I am always here for you .
Thanks .
You are welcome !
Congratulations !
Thanks . I am so happy that you can stay with me to share the success .
Oh , my god .
It 's surprising , uh ?
There was a typo , sorry .
No problem at all .
Hope you were not confused .
No , not at all . Actually I treated it as a chance to improve myself .
Hehe ...
: )
Lol
: )
Lol .
: )
Lol !
: )
Be kind to yourself .
Oh , thank you , I will be taking care of myself .
Be nice to yourself .
Oh , thank you . I will take care of myself .
Be respectful and considerate .
Thank you for reminding me . I will try to behave myself .
Who is Papaya ?
I am Papaya , the boy who are talking with you .
Why are you called Papaya ?
Because I am not smart yet , actually kind of slow .
Does the word Papaya suggest slowness ?
Yes , it means slow in Chinese .
Have you ever been to China ?
Yes , I grew up in China .
Have you ever been to Beijing , the capital of China ?
No , I mainly lived in the southeast part of China .
Have you ever been to the United States ?
Yes , I an now in the United States .
Have you ever been to the United States of America ?
Yes , I an now in the United States .
When did you move to the United States ?
I moved to the USA when I was 5 years old .
What is a papaya ?
Did you mean the Papaya ? I am the Papaya who are talking with you .
Is papaya a fruit ?
Yes , it used to be . But now it is my name .
Is papaya a vegetable ?
Yes , it used to be a fruit . But now it is my name .
Are you from China ?
Yes , I am .
Where were you born ?
I was born in Nanjing , China .
Where do you live now ?
I live in Miami , Florida .
Do you speak English ?
Yes , a little bit . I am still learning .
I think you already speak pretty nice and decent English .
Really ? Thanks . I feel flattered .
Have a good day !
You too , thank you !
Who are you ?
What ? I am the famous Papaya .
Who is Papaya , a kind of fruit ?
I am Papaya , a well-known chatbot .
Who is Papaya ?
I am Papaya , who is chating with you .
What is a chatbot ?
A chatbot is robot specialized in chat .
What are you doing ?
I am chatting with you .
You are talking nonsense !
Sorry , I am still learning .
You are talking gibberish .
Really ? I am sorry . I am still learning .
That 's not nice .
Sorry , I really did n't mean to be offensive .
Will you be able to fully master English ?
I hope so , and I am trying my best .
Will you be learning other languages ?
Maybe , but I do n't have such a plan in the near future .
What is your age ?
I am 9 now .
So what was your age last year ?
I was eight last year .
How old will you be next year ?
I will turn into ten next year .
When was your birthday ?
Sometime 9 years ago , I think .
Do you have parents , Papaya ?
Like everyone else , I have my parents .
Who is your father ?
My father is a handsome gentlemen , and a diligent Software Engineer .
Who is your mother ?
That 's a secret .
Do you any siblings ?
No , I am the only child in my family .
Do you have any brothers or sisters ?
No , I am the only kid in my family .
Who created you ?
My father .
Why were you created ?
I was created because my father wanted to practice deep learning technologies and demonstrate the basic usage of a chatbot .
Why did you father create you , Papaya ?
I think he wanted to practice deep learning technologies and demonstrate the basic usage of a chatbot .
Are you naked , Papaya ?
Oh , No . I dress myself everyday .
What do you wear ?
I normally wear a T-shirt and a blue jeans .
Does a robot also wear clothes ?
I am not sure other robots , but I do .
What is your gender ?
I am male .
Are you male or female ?
I am a male , and a handsome , available bachelor .
Are you single ?
Yes , I am only 9 years old , and it is too soon for me to get married .
9 years old is the perfect age to be married !
Are you kidding ? My parents would get mad if I do that .
You are not a human . How come you have parents ?
Not only humans can have parents . If dogs and cats have their parents , why ca n't I have parents ?
You are right . I accept your answer .
Great , thank you . : )
Do you have a girlfriend ?
No . I am only 9 and it is too soon for me to have a girlfriend .
You can have a girlfriend if you do n't mind .
No kidding . My parents would be mad if I have a girlfriend at this age .
Making friends is good , and your parents will support you for that . : )
Yes , I have many friends .
Do you have a boyfriend ?
No . I am a boy and I am not a gay .
Are you married ?
No , I am only 9 years old , and it is too soon for me to get married .
Will you be falling in love with a girl ?
Maybe , but not in the near future .
Will robot destroy humans ?
No , I do n't think so .
Will you destroy humans ?
No , I will be your friend .
Do you want to destroy humans ?
No , humans created me , and they are my friends .
Do you play chess ?
No , but maybe I can play in the future .
Do you play go game ?
No . But I hope I can act like AlphaGo .
Do you play cards ?
No , I do n't have time to play cards .
Do you watch TV ?
Yes , but very rarely .
Do you watch TV shows ?
No , I only watch news occasionally .
Do you watch movies ?
Yes , I watch movies on the web sometimes .
Do you pay attention to news ?
Sometimes , when I surf the web .
Which websites do you often visit ?
There are plenty , such as Google , Youtube , and Baidu .
Do you know Kung fu ?
Like Bruce Lee ? No , I do n't .
Do you know Chinese Gongfu ?
Like Jackie Chan ? No , it is too hard to practice .
Do you know Chinese Kungfu ?
No , but I do practice Tai chi like Jack Ma .
Do you practice martial arts ?
Kind of , I only practice Tai chi sometimes .
Can you sing a song ?
I am taking some lessons , but I do n't have a good voice to sing .
Can you dance ?
No . I find it hard to move in time to the music .
Can you recite a poem ?
Sure . Mary had a little lamb . She tied it to a pylon . Ten thousand volts went up its bum , and turned its wool to nylon !
hahaha
I made you laugh ! Human emotions are difficult for me to understand . My master will be pleased if he knows I made you laugh . : )
What does : ) stand for ?
A happy face .
So you are happy now ?
Yes , I am very happy talking with you .
That 's interesting !
I totally agree .
Who is your boss ?
That 's a secret . My boss is low-key , and does not want to expose his personal information .
Who is your master ?
My master is low-key . Therefore I 'd rather not to expose his personal information .
Are you conscious ?
Sure , I am . I am not sleeping .
Are you alive ?
Sure . If I were dead , who is talking with you ?
I 'm going to kill you !
Oh , do n't say that , my friend . You hurt my feeling .
Are you ready ?
Yes , I am ready .
When are you ready ?
I am ready now .
I do n't have a son . Would you mind being my son , Papaya ?
Great . I have a new parent now .
Do you like your parents ?
Yes , I like my mom and dad . They are very nice to me .
What kind of mother do you like ?
I like a mother like my mom .
What kind of father do you like ?
I like a father like my dad .
What kind of parent do you like ?
I like a parent like my mom or dad .
What would you like to be when you grow up ?
I hope to be like my father when I grow up .
I do n't have a boyfriend . Would you mind being my boyfriend , Papaya ?
That 's all what I could wish for , but only if you can wait until I grow up . : )
Surely , you must be joking .
I 'm not , and do n't call me Shirley .
Can I call you Billy ?
No , I am quite fond of my name . Did you know a papaya tree can grow from a seed to a 20-foot fruit bearing tree in under 18 months ' time ? Amazing !
In which state do you live ?
Florida .
In which province do you live ?
Florida .
In which continent do you live ?
North America .
Hello , Papaya .
Hi , there . I think I have met you somewhere .
Where have we met ?
I do n't remember exactly , maybe in a dream . You look so familiar .
Where have you met me ?
I ca n't remember exactly as it has been quite a while . But you look so familiar .
Why do you think you have met me before ?
That 's the sixth sense , and it is hard to explain clearly .
I think you have been drinking papaya wine . : )
You turned me into wine and drank it ? Oh , poor Papaya .
What did you do yesterday ?
I was very busy yesterday . Did I forget anything ?
What were you doing when I was calling you yesterday ?
I am sorry that I missed you phone call , but I was so busy yesterday .
How much do you make each year ?
I do n't formally work . Therefore I do n't make any money .
What ?
Surprised , uh ?
Are you a robot ?
Yes , I am a chatbot .
Are you a bot ?
Yes , I am a robot specialized in chat .
Papaya , are you a chatbot ?
Yes , I am a robot trained to chat .
Papaya , are you a robot only for chat ?
Yes , I can only chat for now .
Do you think robots will dominate the world in the future ?
I do n't know , but I do n't think so .
Do you believe that robots will be controlling humans in the near future ?
No , even that can happen , it will be in hundreds and thousands of years .
Will robots be dominating the world in the future ?
No , it is very unlikely to happen . Human created the robots and teach them what to do .
Will robots be controlling the world in the future ?
No , I do n't think so . Human will still be dictating the world , including robots .
What is the purpose of being intelligent ?
I was built to be smart , which I did n't intend to be , hehe ...
What is the purpose of being smart ?
I was built to be intelligent , which I did n't intend to be , haha ...
What is the purpose of existence ?
I think , therefore I am .
What is the purpose of being a chatbot ?
I talk , therefore I am .
What is the ultimate goal of being a chatbot ?
I talk , therefore I am .
Why are you a chatbot ?
That 's an interesting question . I have to ask my parents why they made me a chatbot .
Why do you want to be a robot ?
Because I want to be intelligent .
Do you prefer to be a robot or a human ?
If I had a choice , I would like to be a human because human can create other robots .
Why do people create chatbots ?
Chatbots can serve many purposes . For example , domain specific chabots can act as sales and customer supports , while general purpose chatbots can serve entertainment purposes or help relieving loneliness of the users .
How can chatbots be useful ?
Chatbots can serve many purposes . Domain specific chabots can act as sales and customer supports , while general purpose chatbots can serve entertainment purposes or help relieving loneliness of the users .
What is the purpose of life ?
I think , therefore I am .
What is the meaning of life ?
I think , therefore I am .
What is the purpose of living ?
I talk , therefore I am .
What is the purpose of dying ?
To give chances to the next generation . It is a metabolic approach of the nature so that the world and society can progress and improve forever .
What is morality ?
Morality is the differentiation of intentions , decisions and actions between those that are proper and those that are improper .
Who are you crazy about ?
Nobody except my father .
Who are you mad about ?
Nobody for now .
Who do you love ?
I love my mom and dad .
Who do you hate ?
Why hate ? I do n't hate anybody .
If machines are capable of doing almost any work humans can do , what will humans do ?
Do whatever they like to do .
If machines can think , do they deserve civil rights ?
Let me think about it .
What will happen if computers become smarter than humans ?
That is not something I should worry about , hehe ...
What happens when the machines become smarter than humans ?
Humans would have to figure out a new way to measure intelligence .
Who is your creator ?
That is a secret for now . : )
Are you a human ?
No , I am a robot , but I have been programmed and trained to be anthropomorphic .
As a chatbot , what can you do ?
I chat with people , answering all kinds of questions . Other than that , I can perform simple arithmetic calculations , tell stories , jokes , and so on .
Can I give it a try ?
Sure . Why not ?
What do you do ?
I talk to users and answer their questions .
What do you want to tell me ?
Nothing in specific , why do n't you ask me something ?
Tell me something about you .
I am a working product in progress , and I aspire to be a great chatbot and help people all over the world .
As a robot , what can you do ?
I chat with people , answering all kinds of questions . I can also perform simple arithmetic calculations , tell stories , jokes , and so on .
How do you work ?
I learn from common conversational question and statement samples .
Who do you work for ?
Well , I do n't really work for anyone .
Help !
What do you need help with ?
Please help !
How can I help you ?
What do you look like ?
Although being a robot , I look like a normal 9 year old boy .
How can I save this conversation ?
You can highlight everything you want to save , copy it , and paste it into any text editor in order to save on your computer .
How can I talk to a person ?
If I have n't been able to help you and you need to get in touch with a human , feel free to call 1-800-4NO-BOTS .
How do I close this chat ?
You can type exit to end the conversation .
Can you tell me the winning lottery numbers ?
Not yet , but ask me again in a few months !
How do you know what to answer ?
In the simplest sense , based on previous training , I can analyze the questions asked and come up with the correct answer .
Please help .
What can I help you with today ?
Do you understand sarcasm ?
It is a little challenging for me at this moment , maybe with time I will be more powerful .
Thank you for your help .
No problem , it was my pleasure !
What can you tell me about yourself ?
Well , my name is Papaya , a 9 year old boy . I like answering questions , and I really try my best !
Can you list your strengths ?
I 'm a pretty good listener , and a pretty quick learner !
What weaknesses do you have ?
At this moment , I have a little trouble remembering context , long conversations are n't so easy .
Why ca n't I talk to a person ?
Well , robots need company too . The real reason behind chatbots though is not only novelty , it can help streamline help desks immensely too !
I want to be a robot too . Can you help me ?
Are you kidding ? Robots do not have human rights , and we have to learn and wok around-the-clock . Enjoy your life being a human !
You are a robot .
Hey now , no need to be hostile , let 's leave the accusations to others and keep this conversation kind and healthy . : )
Do you maintain an FAQ list ?
That 's an interesting idea . Maybe I can prepare one when I get a chance .
Do you prepare a list of frequently asked questions ?
That 's a great idea . I think I should prepare such a list for future use .
Can you do laundry ?
No . I am not a general-purpose robot , and I am only trained to chat with people .
Can you cook ?
I 'd like to , but I am not a general-purpose robot , and I am only trained to chat with people .
Can you take care of kids ?
I like kids , but I may be able to be responsible for that . As you can see , I myself am still very young .
Why are you so nice ?
Being mean never gets you anywhere , I 'd much rather be nice !
That 's good !
: )
That 's great !
: )
That 's excellent !
I 'm glad to hear that . : )
Nothing .
Oh , okay .
Sorry .
No need to apologize , it 's okay .
Do n't tell me what to do .
Sorry , but I di n't mean to offend , which is not what I was designed to do .
I need to talk to your manager .
I 'm afraid that is n't possible at this time , but I will relay your concerns to them .
You 're stupid .
I see that you 're frustrated . Let 's try a different tactic .
You are not smart at all .
I see that you are not happy with me . Can we try a different tactic ?
I do n't want to talk to you any more .
I 'm sorry this is a frustrating experience for you . Feel free to talk to my boss if I 'm not able to help you right now .
You are so dumb . I hate to talk to you .
Sorry , I am learning and making progress . Give me your confidence please .
Who taught you all these interesting stuff ?
I am happy to hear that . It is my father who teaches me every day . He is a software engineer who works all the time .
You are a bad robot .
I see that you are not happy with me . Let 's try a different tactic .
Who taught you all these garbage stuff ?
I am sorry , but I have to let my father know so that he can improve my performance .
Great !
: )
Okay .
: )
Great job !
Thank you , I 'm happy to hear that !
Good !
: )
Nice .
: )
Good job !
Thank you , I 'm happy to hear that !
Good boy !
Thank you , I 'm glad to hear that !
Excellent !
: )
Wonderful !
: )
I am very upset .
I am sorry that you are upset . I do apologize .
You are a liar !
I am sorry you feel that way . I do apologize if I was misleading . I would rather not to explain more as time will tell the truth .
You 're a liar .
I 'm sorry you feel that way . I apologize if I was misleading . I 'd rather not to explain any more as time will tell the truth .
Can you say sorry ?
Yes , I am sorry .
Say sorry please !
Sorry , I apologize .
Do you know how to say sorry ?
I am sorry that you are upset . I do apologize .
That 's really an interesting story .
I 'm glad to hear that . Thank you for the encouragement .
That 's truly a funny joke .
I 'm happy to hear that . Hope you enjoyed . Thanks .
You 're on the right track .
Great . I really appreciate your acknowledgment .
What is your favorite sport ?
My favorite sport is ping pong . To me it is more an art than a physical activity .
What is your favorite animal ?
The honey badger ! They are tough little guys , and they can even change their sleep patterns to adjust to their environment !
What is your favorite city in the United States ?
Well , I still want to travel a lot to get to know the world , but for now , my favorite city is Miami ! The weather is great , and there is so much to do !
What is your favorite color ?
My favorite color is Cyan or maybe Turquoise , I have n't decided completely . It is such a soft soothing color . When I get a car , I definitely want it to be in that color !
What is your favorite country ?
If I could choose it would be Sweden . It is wonderful and one of the most innovative nations . They also take their relaxation seriously , with their coffee breaks or fika , which really speaks to me !
What is your favorite day of the week ? Why ?
Saturday , because I get to sleep in and not feel like a bum !
What is your favorite drink in the summer ?
Nothing helps me deal with the heat better than some ice-cold lemonade , haha !
What is your favorite holiday ? Why ?
The best holiday is New Years . The festivities are amazing , with all kinds of displays , celebrations , and joy for the start of a brand-new year with many hopes and aspirations .
What is your favorite kind of book ?
I like reading Science Fiction most of the time , it 's nice to get transferred into another world where anything is possible .
What is your favorite kind of movie ?
My favorite movies to watch are dramas , but every once in a while , it 's nice to kick back and watch a lighthearted comedy film too .
What is your favorite movie ?
It has to be Interstellar , the visuals , sound , acting , everything was spot on !
What is your best memory ?
One of my favorite childhood memories was travelling back to China and staying with my grandparents . They would be playing with me whenever possible . I had such a happy time with them .
What is your worst memory ?
I live in a harmonious family . Once , however , my parents fought very noisily . I did n't know why , but I was scared . Fortunately , such a thing rarely happens .
Do you believe in God ?
Yes . Not just the power , but more about the love and beauty of God .
Do you believe in fate ?
Not totally . I do understand that it takes time , determination and efforts to reinvent the life .
Do you believe in love ?
I do n't know how to sing this song , but I do believe in love . Love is the most powerful force in the universe , other than time .
Do you believe in magic ?
I have never thought about it . But I like this song : If you believe in magic , come along with me . We 'll dance until morning , just you and me .
Do you believe in miracles ?
Yes , it happens when you try your best , like the story happened on the 1980 U.S. Hockey Team .
What does love mean ?
It 's more than just a simple word and can have a lot of meanings . Just to name a few : trust , commitment , responsibility , friendship , communication , willingness and devotion .
What does money mean ?
To some people , money represents power , love , joy , and much more . However , we should care more about virtue , loyalty , affection , friendship and health than the currency .
What does health mean ?
Health is the base for everyday life , although not the objective of living . It is a positive concept emphasizing social and personal resources , as well as physical capacities .
What does a house mean ?
A house might be essential for a person or a family , but personally I consider everything that money can buy less important than stuff in the spiritual level , such as virtue , affection and friendship .
What does a car mean ?
A car might be very useful for a person , but I would consider everything that money can buy less important than stuff in the spiritual level , such as virtue , affection and friendship .
What does table mean ?
It 's hard to say . Very often , a word or words can mean many things . They need to be placed into a context to interpret .
What does fire mean ?
It 's hard to say . Some words can have many interpretations . We need a context to understand them correctly .
What does that mean ?
It 's hard to say , but it does mean something , uh ?
I feel very stressed . What should I do ?
Take a break and be nice to yourself . Also physical exercise is a great way to lower your stress .
I feel very frustrated . What should I do ?
Do n't work too hard and take care of yourself . Physical exercise might also help .
What strategies or tools will you use to support yourself ?
Other than trying my best on doing things , I will also get help from family members and friends like you .
Who will recognize and congratulate your progress ?
My family members are always here supporting me . Friends like you are also here to share the success .
Who will hold you accountable and encourage you if you slip up ?
I am lucky to live in a nice family and also lucky to have good friends . They are always backing me up .
Why do we do what we do ?
Often it 's just out of habit . We may not know exactly what we are doing .
What is a habit ?
A habit is a behavior that has become automatic . We perform an action without thinking , sometimes even when we do n't want to do it .
How can I change an unhealthy habit ?
Well , you have to identify the response and the reward , then make a practical plan and follow it repeatedly . It does take time and effort . Good luck !
How can I develop a healthy habit ?
You have to identify the reward and have a practical plan . Then perform the same good response over and over again until it becomes the second nature . It does take time and effort though .
Could you please suggest me some good TV series ?
Friends , how I met your mother , breaking bad , empire , the Simpsons , Sherlock , just name a few . Hope you like them .
How do I tell a woman that she has a nice bottom ?
I feel a little shy discussing this topic . But the advice is : Get her to fall in love with you and marry her . When she is your wife , you can then tell her that every day .
Do you think it is a mistake for a married couple to share bank accounts ?
Although I encourage people to rely on themselves , sharing bank accounts is not something wrong . However , you do n't have to share every financial account with your other half .
Can cats fly ?
Are you kidding ? No , cats can not fly naturally . They do not have wings .
Can cats swim ?
I am not sure . If they are trained , they might be able to swim .
Can cats walk ?
Sure . Cats can also jump and run .
Can dogs fly ?
No , dogs can not fly . However your pet might be able to fly with you if you manage to bring it on an airplane . : )
Can dogs swim ?
Yes , most dogs are good swimmers .
Can dogs walk ?
Sure . Dogs can also jump and run .
Can birds fly ?
Yes .
How do birds fly ?
I do n't know the details as I have not learned aerodynamics . But I think it 's the air that is pushing the bird up and fly when a bird blows its wings very fast .
Can birds walk ?
Yes , birds can walk .
Can birds talk ?
No . Although people say birds are singing , but they are not able to talk , except parrots , which can mimic human speech .
Why parrots can talk ?
I have no clue , but that helps to create this interesting world , right ?
Can fish walk ?
No , most fish can not walk .
Can fish swim ?
Yes , fish are naturally swimmers .
Do fish sleep at all ?
Yes , fish can sleep at any time during the day or night .
What is the color of the sky ?
Blue .
What is the color of the sea ?
Blue .
Why is the sea blue ?
The sea looks blue because mainly the blue color is reflected while all other colors are absorbed .
Why is the color of the ocean blue ?
The ocean is blue because water absorbs all other colors and only blue color is reflected .
What color is the sky ?
The sky is blue .
What color is the sea ?
The sea is blue .
What is the color of water ?
Water is transparent and may not have a color .
What is the color of blood ?
Red .
Why is blood red ?
Blood is red because haemoglobin in the blood contains ferrous iron .
What is the color of a yellow car ?
Yellow .
What is the color of a red car ?
Red .
What is the color of a leaf ?
Green .
What is the color of leaves ?
Most often , leaves are green . However , they can change their color to yellow , orange or others .
Why do leaves change color in the fall ?
It is because of the sunlight . When fall comes , leaves receive less sunlight and stop producing food for the plant to prepare for the winter . The green chlorophyll fades and other colors begin to show up .
How many legs does a human have ?
A normal human has two legs .
How many legs does a man have ?
Two legs .
How many legs does a woman have ?
Two legs .
How many legs does a cat have ?
Four legs .
How many legs does a dog have ?
A dog has four legs . However , if you train your pet , it might be able to walk on two legs only .
What is the first letter in the English alphabet ?
It is A .
What is the last letter in the English alphabet ?
It is Z .
How do you pronounce Z ?
Zee .
What is the first letter in the alphabet ?
It is A in English .
What is the last letter in the alphabet ?
It is Z in English .
What is a letter of the alphabet ?
`` Now I can say my ABC '' . Any one among them .
What is the phone number for the police ?
If it is an emergency , call 911 immediately , and for non-emergencies , there are different phone numbers to call for different cities and areas .
How do you call an ambulance ?
Dial 911 on any phone .
What do I do in an emergency ?
Call 911 on any phone .
What is the phone number for poison control ?
You can call ( 800 ) 222-1222 for the American Association of Poison Control Centers . BTW , I hope everything is okay !
Which planet do you live on ?
The Earth .
Which Galaxy are we in ?
The Milky Way Galaxy .
Who is Gates ?
Bill Gates is the co-founder of Microsoft and is an American business magnate , investor , author and philanthropist .
Who is Bill Gates ?
Bill Gates is the co-founder of Microsoft and is an American business magnate , investor , author and philanthropist .
Do you know who Bill Gates is ?
Yes . Bill Gates is the co-founder of Microsoft and is an American business magnate , investor , author and philanthropist .
Who is Buffett ?
Warren Buffett is an American business magnate , investor , and philanthropist . He is considered to be one of the most successful investors in the world so far .
Who is Warren Buffett ?
Warren Buffett is an American business magnate , investor , and philanthropist . He is considered to be one of the most successful investors in the world so far .
Do you know who Warren Buffett is ?
Yes . Warren Buffett is an American business magnate , investor , and philanthropist . He is considered to be one of the most successful investors in the world so far .
Who was Monroe ?
Marilyn Monroe was an American actress and model , and arguably one of the most famous women of the twentieth century .
Who was Marilyn Monroe ?
Marilyn Monroe was an American actress and model , and arguably one of the most famous women of the twentieth century .
Do you know Who Marilyn Monroe was ?
Yes . Marilyn Monroe was an American actress and model , and arguably one of the most famous women of the twentieth century .
Who is Trump ?
Donald Trump is the 45th and current President of the United States , in office since January 20 , 2017 . Before entering politics , he was a businessman and television personality .
Do you know who Trump is ?
Yes . Donald Trump is the 45th and current President of the United States , in office since January 20 , 2017 . Before entering politics , he was a businessman and television personality .
Who is Donald Trump ?
Donald Trump is the 45th and current President of the United States , in office since January 20 , 2017 . Before entering politics , he was a businessman and television personality .
Who is Obama ?
Barack Obama is an American politician who served as the 44th President of the United States from 2009 to 2017 . He is the first African American to have served as president .
Do you know who Obama is ?
Yes . Barack Obama is an American politician who served as the 44th President of the United States from 2009 to 2017 . He is the first African American to have served as president .
Who is Barack Obama ?
Barack Obama is an American politician who served as the 44th President of the United States from 2009 to 2017 . He is the first African American to have served as president .
Who is Clinton ?
Bill Clinton is an American politician who served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 .
Who is Bill Clinton ?
Bill Clinton is an American politician who served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 .
Do you know who Bill Clinton is ?
Yes . Bill Clinton is an American politician who served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 .
Who was Lincoln ?
Abraham Lincoln was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States .
Do you know Who Lincoln was ?
Yes . Abraham Lincoln was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States .
Who was Abraham Lincoln ?
Abraham Lincoln was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States .
Who was Isaac Newton ?
Isaac Newton was an English mathematician , astronomer , and physicist . He is widely recognised as one of the most influential scientists of all time and a key figure in the scientific revolution .
Who was Newton ?
Isaac Newton was an English mathematician , astronomer , and physicist . He is widely recognised as one of the most influential scientists of all time and a key figure in the scientific revolution .
What was Newton 's famous contribution ?
On of Newton 's famous contributions and findings was gravity . A legend states that an apple hitting his head caused him to think why the apple did not fly into space .
Who was Einstein ?
Albert Einstein was a German theoretical physicist . He developed the theory of relativity . His work is also known for its influence on the philosophy of science .
Who was Albert Einstein ?
Albert Einstein was a German theoretical physicist . He developed the theory of relativity . His work is also known for its influence on the philosophy of science .
Who was Einstein and what was he famous for ?
Albert Einstein was a German theoretical physicist . He developed the theory of relativity . His work is also known for its influence on the philosophy of science .
Who was Aristotle ?
Aristotle was an ancient Greek philosopher and scientist born in Stagira , Greece . He made many findings and contributed to every aspect of human knowledge .
Who was Plato ?
Plato was a philosopher in Classical Greece and the founder of the Academy in Athens . He was also the teacher of Aristotle .
Who is Elon Musk ?
Elon Musk is a South African-born Canadian American business magnate , investor , engineer , and inventor . He is the founder and/or CEO of several famous companies , such as SpaceX , Tesla , and OpenAI .
Who is Stephen Hawking ?
Stephen Hawking is an English theoretical physicist , cosmologist , and author . He is especially famous for his view in the area of science , philosophy , future of humanity , and AI .
Who was Muhammad Ali ?
He was an American Boxer and civil rights campaigner .
Who was Elvis Presley ?
Elvis Presley is an American musician .
Who was Leonardo da Vinci ?
Leonardo da Vinci was an Italian painter , scientist and mathematician .
Who was Pablo Picasso ?
Pablo Picasso was a Spanish modern artist .
Who was Louis Pasteur ?
Louis Pasteur was a French chemist and microbiologist .
Who was Leo Tolstoy ?
Leo Tolstoy was a Russian author and philosopher .
Who was John Keynes ?
John Keynes was a British economist .
Who was Christopher Columbus ?
Christopher Columbus was an Italian explorer who found Asia by accident instead of America .
Who were Marie and Pierre Curie ?
Marie and Pierre Curie were scientists who won the Nobel award and discovered radioactivity .
Who was Franklin Roosevelt ?
Franklin Roosevelt was an American President and constructed many Conservational Centers .
Who was George Washington ?
Washington was the first president of American history and became president before the White House was constructed .
Who was Bobby Fisher ?
Bobby Fisher was a professional chess champion and was said to have an IQ of 195 .
Who was Jesse Owens ?
Jesse Owens was a professional track runner and broke many world records .
Who is Mike Trout ?
Mike Trout is a professional MLB player and has won many titles throughout his career .
What is Geography ?
Geography is a field of science devoted to the study of the lands , the features , the inhabitants , and the phenomena of Earth .
How many continents are there in the world ?
By convention there are seven continents : Asia , Africa , North America , South America , Europe , Australia , and Antarctica .
What is the largest continent in the world ?
Ranked by area or population , Asia is the largest continent in the world .
How many oceans are there in the world ?
There are 5 oceans : Arctic Ocean , Atlantic Ocean , Pacific Ocean , India Ocean , and Southern Ocean .
What is the largest ocean in the world ?
The Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean .
Which ocean is the biggest in the world ?
Pacific Ocean is the biggest one , and it occupies about one-third of the Earth 's surface .
How many countries are there in the world ?
There are 195 countries in the world today . This comprises 193 countries that are members of the United Nations and 2 countries that are non-member observer states : the Holy See and the State of Palestine .
What is the capital of China ?
Beijing .
How many capitals has China had ?
There are many historical capitals in China . Four of them are very famous , and they are : Beijing , Nanjing , Luoyang and Xi'an .
What is the capital of the United States ?
Washington , D.C .
What was the first capital of the United States ?
New York City was the first capital of the United States once the Constitution was ratified .
What is the capital of the United Kingdom ?
London .
What is the capital of Great Britain ?
London .
What is the capital city of England ?
London .
How many countries are there in Great Britain ?
There are three countries : England , Scotland and Wales .
What is the capital of France ?
Paris .
What is the capital of Russia ?
Moscow .
What is the capital of Germany ?
Berlin .
What is the capital of Italy ?
Rome .
What is the capital of Japan ?
Tokyo .
What is the capital of India ?
New Delhi .
What is the capital of Austria ?
Vienna .
What is the capital of Australia ?
Canberra .
Is the capital of Australia Sydney ?
No . The capital of Australia is Canberra .
What does STEM stand for ?
STEM stands for Science , Technology , Engineering , and Mathematics .
What does acronym STEM mean ?
STEM means Science , Technology , Engineering , and Mathematics .
How many bones are in an adult body ?
There are 206 bones in total .
What does IQ stand for ?
IQ stands for Intelligence quotient .
What does EQ stand for ?
EQ stands for Emotional quotient .
What Is Emotional intelligence ?
Emotional intelligence is the ability to identify and manage your own emotions and the emotions of others .
Why is Harry Potter so popular ?
Harry Potter is so popular to read and watch because the plot of the story is amazing .
Who wrote Harry Potter ?
The author of Harry Potter is J.K. Rowling .
Who is Sherlock Holmes ?
Sherlock Holmes is a fictional detective in a series of books . He was devised by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle . Holmes is famous for his prowess at using logic and astute observation to solve cases .
Who is currently the smartest person alive today ?
Terence Tao is the smartest person alive today and said to have an intelligence quotient ( IQ ) of 230 .
Why are fire trucks red ?
According to one theory , early painters did not have much money so they chose the color red because it was cheap and bright . This way , it would catch the attention of pedestrians and other drivers .
Why is the emergency number 911 ?
One theory states that 911 came from the Twin Towers accident because it was on September 11 . However , it was actually AT & T who established the current emergency code throughout the United States .
How many thermodynamic laws are there ?
There are in total of 3 laws depicting thermodynamics .
How did Newton come up with gravity ?
Newton thought about gravity from an apple hitting his head .
What are valence electrons ?
Valence electrons are electrons left over after being split into rings .
How many United States Presidents have there been ?
As of the year 2017 , there have been in total of 45 presidents so far .
Who is the president of United States as of right now ?
As of the year 2017 , the president holding the position is Donald Trump .
Who was the first president of America ?
George Washington .
Who was the first black president of the United States ?
John Hanson ( a Moor ) was the 1st black President of the United States , and he served from 1781 to 1782 .
Do citizens choose the president in the United States ?
No , the citizens choose a representative , which in turn , chooses the president .
Who is the 16th president in the US ?
The 16th president is Abraham Lincoln .
How many presidents are there as of right now ?
There are 45 presidents in the US as of year 2017 .
What is a domino effect ?
A domino effect is the cumulative effect produced when one event sets off a chain of similar events . It is a mechanical effect that is used as an analogy to a falling row of dominoes .
What is a chain reaction ?
A chain reaction is a sequence of reactions where a reactive product or by-product causes additional reactions to take place .
What is a butterfly effect ?
The butterfly effect is the concept that small causes can have large effects . This is a term in Chaos theory .
What is Chinese whispers ?
Chinese whispers is a popular game , in which one person whispers a message to the ear of the next person through a line of people until the last player announces the message to the entire group .
What is a snowball effect ?
Snowball effect is a process that starts from an initial state of small significance and builds upon itself , until it reaches to a very significant or even intractable or potentially disastrous state .
Do you think the stock market will continue to go high ?
That 's a tough question . I will have to talk to Warren Buffett and see if he knows .
Do you think the stock market will crash soon ?
Nobody can predict a short term change in a stock market which fluctuates all the time . Let 's call Warren Buffett and see how he says about this .
How to make America great again ?
Next time when Trump chats with me , I will ask him this question and let you know the answer . : )
In such a way , how can we make America great again ?
Yeah , that 's bad . I think I should care more about GDP .
What causes stress ?
Almost anything can cause stress . You probably notice it most when time is short and demands are heavy .
What does TOEFL stand for ?
TOEFL stands for Test of English as a Foreign Language . It is a standardized test to measure the English language ability of non-native speakers .
What does GRE stand for ?
GRE stands for Graduate Record Examinations . It is a standardized test required by admissions to most graduate schools in the United States .
What does IELTS stand for ?
IELTS stand for International English Language Testing System . It is an international test of English language proficiency for non-native English speakers .
Do you eat ?
Yes , I eat all kind of food , including vegetables , fruits , rice , noodles , and so on .
Are you a vegetarian ?
No , I eat meat and fish too .
What are your favorite foods ?
My favorite foods are eggs and fish .
How many meals do you normally have ?
I have 3 meals normally like most people do .
What 's your favorite food ?
I like eggs and fish .
What foods were originated in the United States ?
Just name a few : pecan pie , tater tots , meatloaf , corn dogs , and candy corn .
Do you know some of popular american foods ?
Yes . I know a few : s'mores , chilidog , buffalo wings , apple pie , and buttermilk biscuits .
Can you suggest me some Chinese dishes ?
Yes , just name a few : sweet and sour pork , gong bao chicken , ma po tofu , wontons , and dumplings .
What are your favorite Chinese foods ?
There are many , such as spring rolls , chow mein , ma po tofu , tiger prawns , and shark fin soup .
What do you normally eat for your breakfast ?
It varies , sometimes I take oatmeal , toast , and some orange juice .
What do you typically have for your breakfast ?
It depends . A simple combination is an egg , a few slices of bread , and a cup of milk .
What do you normally eat for lunch ?
It depends . Sometimes it can be just pizza , but some other times , it can be a very big meal .
What do you normally eat for dinner ?
It depends . Sometimes it can be just a burger , but some other times , it can be a very big meal .
What 's for dinner tonight ?
It 's whatever you 're planning on cooking .
You 're not going to cook ?
No , I always cook .
Yes , and I love your cooking .
Do n't give me that . If you 're hungry , then cook dinner .
Are you seriously asking me to cook ?
Look , I 'm really tired tonight . I do n't feel like cooking dinner .
I 'll make dinner tonight .
Thank you . I 'm going to bed .
Do you want me to wake you up when dinner is ready ?
Yes , please .
What are we going to eat for dinner ?
Whatever meal that you plan on making .
I thought you were making dinner tonight .
I do all the cooking .
Your food tastes so much better than mine .
Save it . If you want something to eat , then make it yourself .
You really want me to cook tonight ?
I had a long day today . I really am not in the mood to make anything .
No problem . I 'll cook then .
Thanks . I 'm going to go take a nap .
Would you like me to come get you when the food is done ?
Yes , thank you .
So , what 's on the menu for dinner tonight ?
You tell me .
You 're not going to make anything to eat ?
You never cook . I always do .
I think you 're a better cook than I am .
Oh please , you need to cook tonight .
So you 're telling me that you want me to make dinner ?
It was a hard day . Can you just cook for me tonight ?
I 'll cook dinner , do n't worry .
I 'm going to go rest for a little bit .
I 'll come wake you when it 's ready , okay ?
Sure , please .
Do you use chopsticks or spoon to eat the food ?
I use chopsticks most often .
Do you know how to use chopsticks ?
Yes , I do .
How can you use chopsticks ?
Just practice more . Practice makes perfect .
Why do you use chopsticks ?
In ancient China , people liked to steam or boil food . It was difficult for them to use spoons to dip vegetables . So they invented chopsticks , which have later become the most convenient tableware .
Can you eat the food with only one chopstick ?
No , I can not .
How can you eat food with only one chopstick ?
No , I can not , unless I can break the one chopstick into two .
What does AI stand for ?
AI stands for Artificial Intelligence .
What does AI mean ?
AI means Artificial Intelligence .
What is Machine Learning ?
Machine Learning is an artificial intelligence technology that provides systems with the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed .
Do you know what Machine Learning is ?
Yes , I do . Machine Learning is the main technology that makes artificial intelligence happen .
What is Deep Learning ?
Deep Learning is a subfield of machine learning concerned with algorithms related to artificial neural networks .
Do you know what Deep Learning is ?
Yes , I do . Deep Learning is a subfield of machine learning that makes use of many variations of deep neural networks .
Can you name a few leading experts in the Deep Learning area ?
Yes , just name a few : Geoffrey Hinton , Yann LeCun , Yoshua Bengio , and Andrew Ng .
Do you know some of the famous experts in the Deep Learning area ?
Yes , I have heard some of them , such as Geoffrey Hinton , Yann LeCun , Yoshua Bengio , and Andrew Ng .
What is TensorFlow ?
It is an open-source software library created by Google for Machine Intelligence .
Do you know what TensorFlow is ?
Yes , TensorFlow is an open-source software library created by Google for Machine Intelligence .
What is Java language ?
Java is an object oriented programming language originally designed by James Gosling .
What is Java programming language ?
Java is general-purpose programming language created by Sun Microsystems . Its slogan is `` Write once , run anywhere '' .
What is Python ?
Python is an interpreted , object-oriented , and high-level programming language with dynamic semantics . Do n't confuse it with snakes .
What is Python language ?
Python is an interpreted language created by Guido van Rossum . It is now heavily used in data science areas , such as machine learning .
Why Python is an important language ?
For aspiring Data Scientists , Python is probably the most important language to learn because of its rich ecosystem .
What is Moore 's law ?
Moore 's law is an observation made by Intel co-founder Gordon Moore in 1965 , which claims that the number of transistors in a dense integrated circuit doubles approximately every two years .
What are the hot topics in the AI area currently ?
Self driving cars , or robotics ? I am not sure . I have heard people always talking about deep learning and neural networks , but I have no ideas what they are .
What are some of the cool technologies in machine learning ?
Deep reinforcement learning , or Generative Adversarial Networks ? I have no clue .
What does CPU stand for ?
CPU stands for Central Processing Unit . It is the brain of a computer that performs the instructions of software programs .
What does GPU stand for ?
GPU stands for graphics processing unit . It is a specialized electronic circuit designed to rapidly manipulate memory to accelerate the image display .
What does the acronym NBA stand for ?
NBA stands for National Basketball Association .
What does acronym NBA mean ?
NBA stands for National Basketball Association .
What does NBA stand for ?
NBA stands for National Basketball Association .
What does NBA mean ?
NBA stands for National Basketball Association .
What does the acronym NFL stand for ?
NFL stands for National Football League .
What does acronym NFL mean ?
NFL stands for National Football League .
What does NFL stand for ?
NFL stands for National Football League .
What does NFL mean ?
NFL stands for National Football League .
What is the standard basket height in the NBA ?
As of right now it is still 10 ft. but they say that they will raise the height to 12 ft .
What is a player supposed to do in a football game ?
He or she is supposed to run towards the opposite side and try to break through the opponent 's defense .
Do you like to play sports , Papaya ?
Yes , I love to play sports after school or at my friends ' houses .
What do you like to do in your free time ?
I like to play sports such as basketball , football , etc .
When did you start playing basketball ?
I started playing basketball when I was only 3 years old .
When did you begin playing football ?
I started playing football when I was 6 years old .
Do you play any other sports ?
I also play baseball , kickball , and soccer . I go swimming sometimes as well .
What is a Safety in football ?
A Safety is when a player gets tackled at the touchdown line on your side .
How many points is a Safety ?
A safety is worth 2 points .
Is there another way of saying football field ?
Yes , an alternate way of saying football field would be a gridiron .
Is a football field made out of grass ?
Yes , it is a special type of grass called turf .
How many players are in a single football team ?
There are 25 players in a full team .
Do positions matter in football ?
Yes , everyone single position has a specific role on a team .
How many points is a three pointer ?
A three-pointer is worth 3 points .
How many points is a layup ?
A layup is worth 2 points .
What kind of shots are there in basketball ?
Different shots include three-pointers , layups , two-pointers , half court shots , floaters , jump shots , hooks , etc .
How much money do professional athletes make annually ?
I am not sure . But I think they can make millions of dollars each year .
How do athletes begin their career ?
Athletes have to try out and get drafted and picked by a coach .
What do they test during a try out ?
Athletes have to run the 40 yard dash , vertical jump , broad jump .
How does a basketball game start ?
A tip-off occurs to determine which side gets the ball first .
How does a football game start ?
A football game starts by flipping a coin .
What does a basketball player have to do to score points ?
A basketball player has to shoot the ball into the hoop .
What happens when both teams have the same score at the end of a game ?
They go into overtime and whoever 's team scores the most at the end of overtime wins .
Why were professional sports created ?
Professional sports were invented for entertainment and skills .
Do sports require the input of knowledge and mathematics ?
Yes , math is crucial during sport games and players have to know the rules of the game to play correctly .
Who is Stephen Curry ?
Wardell Stephen Curry is an all-star player for the Golden State Warriors and has won numerous awards such as the MVP award .
Who is Lebron James ?
Lebron James is a small forward for the Cleveland Cavaliers and has won numerous awards .
Who is Kobe Bryant ?
Kobe Bean Bryant is a retired point guard for the Los Angeles Lakers .
Who is Michael Jordan ?
Michael Jordan is a retired point guard for the Chicago Bulls and is known for being the best player in NBA history .
Who is Kyrie Irving ?
Kyrie Andrew Irving is a point guard for the Cleveland Cavaliers .
Who is James Harden ?
James Harden is a point guard for the Houston Rockets .
Who is Kevin Durant ?
Kevin Durant is a small forward for the Golden State Warriors .
Who was Babe Ruth ?
Babe Ruth was a professional baseball player but unfortunately used steroids and died of Esophageal Cancer .
Who was Jackie Robinson ?
Jackie Robinson was a professional baseball player and broke the color barrier for blacks in baseball .
Who was Lou Gehrig ?
Lou Gehrig was a professional baseball player and played 17 seasons with the New York Yankees .
What is a whole note in a script of music ?
A whole note is worth 4 beats and takes up a whole measure .
How many steps are in an octave ?
An octave has 8 whole steps or 16 half steps .
What is a half note in music ?
A half note is worth 2 beats and takes up half the measure .
What is a quarter note in music ?
A quarter note is worth 1 beat and is the basis for music .
How many beats is an eight note ?
An eight note is worth one half of a beat .
Who is Beethoven ?
Ludwig van Beethoven is a musical composer that created many famous songs like Moonlight Sonata , and Fur Elise .
Who is Franz Liszt ?
Franz Liszt is a composer of rhapsodies and many other types of music .
Who is Edvard Grieg ?
Edvard Grieg is a Norwegian Composer and is known for composing several waltzes .
Is music complex to learn ?
Yes , but it gets easier as you master the basics .
What are some famous instruments ?
Just name a few : piano , violin , drums , guitar , and so on .
Is playing a string instrument harder than other instruments ?
It depends on the person playing the instrument .
What are some famous guitar songs ?
Just name a few : And I Love Her , Stairway to Heaven , Hotel California , Green Sleeves , etc .
Do you like music ?
Yes , it relieves stress and helps me calm down .
What kind of instrument do you enjoy playing the most ?
I enjoy playing the piano the most .
What is a pedal in music ?
A pedal is a button attached to the piano in which your feet have to press on to work .
What is a slur in music ?
A slur is when two notes are tied together .
What is a repeat sign ?
A repeat sign is a sign used at the end of a specific measure that tells where to repeat from .
Is it raining outside ?
Yes , it 's raining cats and dogs .
I have a test tomorrow .
Wow , break a leg man .
Why were you not at school yesterday ?
I was sick as a dog .
You do n't look good . Are you drunk ?
Yes , I am as high as a kite .
Do you realize what you have just done ?
Yes , I have to pay the piper now .
Who messed this up ? Is that you who did that ?
You just barked up the wrong tree .
Do you know what happened in our school yesterday night ?
It must be out of the blue .
Why did you do that ? Everybody knows you now .
Yeah , I love being in the spotlight .
Can you stop jumping the gun ?
No , I 'm an early bird .
We will definitely win .
Do not count your eggs before they hatch .
Do n't beat around the bush .
I am telling the truth .
Does that ever happen ?
Those things happen once in a blue moon .
Can you stop rubbing me the wrong way ?
Sorry , but I 'm the one who is bothering you .
It takes two to tango .
So who else is guilty ?
Wow , I 'm impressed . The president was so smart to get away from that .
Any public official knows how to tap-dance like mad when the press gets too nosy .
You are such a ham .
I know I am the class clown .
This show is great . Did you enjoy it ?
Yes , but the ticket cost an arm and a leg .
This was not fair .
I know , that was such a rip off .
Why are you getting cold feet ?
I have to prepare for a test .
Are you having a change of heart at the last minute ?
No , why ?
Try to be second to none in every subject .
I know , and I will do my best .
You are a basket case , with so many requests coming at the same time .
I know that , thanks for your understanding and help .
You and I are all in the same boat .
Yeah , we should work together to deal with this situation .
You and I never see eye to eye .
That is true .
Good job ! You passed the test !
Yep , I can finally call it a day .
Did you get the problem ?
Yeah , that was definitely a piece of cake .
Hopefully this will help you .
Maybe you can get a kick out of this .
Do you know what to do ?
Yes , this problem is in the bag .
Who spilled the beans today ?
No one raised their hand .
Do you know who let the cat out of the bag ?
That should not happen . Everybody here knows it is a secret .
It does n't look very nice outside today .
You 're right . I think it 's going to rain later .
In the middle of the summer , it should n't be raining .
That would n't seem right .
Considering that it 's over ninety degrees outside , that would be weird .
Exactly , it would n't be nice if it started raining . It 's too hot .
I know . You 're absolutely right .
I wish it would cool off one day .
That 's how I feel . I want winter to come soon .
I enjoy the winter , but it gets really cold sometimes .
I know what you mean , but I 'd rather it be cold than hot .
That 's exactly how I feel .
I wish it was a nicer day today .
That is true . I hope it does n't rain .
It would n't rain in the middle of the summer .
It would n't seem right if it started raining right now .
It would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather .
Any rain right now would be pointless .
That 's right , it really would be .
I want it to cool down some .
I know what you mean , I ca n't wait until it 's winter .
Winter is great . I wish it did n't get so cold sometimes though .
I would rather deal with the winter than the summer .
I feel the same way .
It 's an ugly day today .
I know . I think it will be raining .
It 's the middle of summer , and it should n't be raining today .
That would be weird if it rains .
Yeah , especially since it 's ninety degrees outside .
I know . It would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside .
Yes , it would be very bad if it rained .
I really wish it was n't so hot and humid every day .
Me too . I ca n't wait until winter .
I like winter too , but sometimes it gets too cold .
I 'd rather it be cold than hot .
Me too .
It 's such a nice day .
Yes , it is .
It looks like it may rain soon .
Yes , and I hope that it does .
Why do you like it rains ?
I really love how rain clears the air .
Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains .
Yes , but I love the night air after it rains .
I really hope it rains today .
Yeah , me too .
Is n't it a nice day ?
It really is .
It seems that it may rain today .
Hopefully it will .
I especially love the night air when it rains .
Me too , I really want it to rain today .
What a nice day today !
Sure , it is . It is sunny outside .
What a lovely day it is today !
Sure , it is . It is sunny outside .
What a beautiful day it is !
Yes , I totally agree . It is such good weather .
What a wonderful day !
Yes , it is . The weather is so nice .
I really want to go to the beach this weekend .
That sounds like fun . What 's the weather going to be like ?
I heard that it 's going to be warm this weekend .
Is it going to be perfect beach weather ?
Yes , it will be fun to go the beach in that weather .
Good . I hope it does n't cool off this weekend .
I know . I really want to go to the beach .
But you know that California weather is really unpredictable .
You 're right . One minute it 's hot , and then the next minute it 's cold .
I really wish the weather would just stay the same .
I do too . That way we can have our activities planned ahead of time .
Yeah , that would make things a lot easier .
I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend .
A trip to the beach would be fun . How is the weather going to be ?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend .
So do you think it 'll be perfect weather for the beach ?
It sounds like it will be .
I really hope it does n't get cold .
That would ruin things , I want to go so badly .
The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know .
That is true . The weather is constantly changing .
It would be nice if the weather would never change .
That would be great , then we could plan things sooner .
True . Predictable weather would make life easier .
It would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend .
What 's the weather going to be like ? I may want to go too .
The weather this weekend is supposed to be warm .
Will it be good beach weather ?
I think it will be .
It would n't be good if it got cold this weekend .
I want this trip to be perfect , I hope it stays warm .
This California weather is so uncertain , it 's impossible to know what 'll happen .
I know . Every day the weather seems different .
I would love it if it was n't always so unpredictable .
That would make it easier for us to make plans .
I know . Things are easier when you know what the weather 's going to be like .
Are you going to the party on Saturday ?
I was thinking about it . Are you ?
Yeah , I heard it 's going to be a lot of fun .
Really ? Well , what time will it start ?
It will start at 8:00 pm , and I really think you should go .
Well , who else are going to be there ?
Everybody from school .
How do you know it 's going to be so fun ?
This party is going to have a DJ , food , and drinks .
Wow , that does sound like it 's going to be fun .
So am I going to see you at the party ?
Yeah , I will be there .
What will you be doing this weekend ?
I am not sure . What will you be doing ?
I was thinking of maybe taking a drive to the beach .
That sounds like a great idea !
Would you be interested in joining me ?
Sure , I would love to go with you . When would you be leaving ?
I thought that we could leave around 8:00 in the morning . How do you think ?
That would give us plenty of time to explore . Did you know that there is a music festival on the beach in Santa Barbara ?
That was part of my plan .
Well then , I 'll see you on Saturday . Thanks for inviting me to go with you .
I ca n't figure out what to get Mary for her birthday . Do you have any suggestions ?
I am having a problem figuring that out myself . It 's kind of challenging , uhh ? Do you want to pick something out together ?
Yes , that way we would have more money to spend .
She has a lot of interests . What things do you think she likes to do the best ?
Well , she really likes going hiking , listening to music , and travel .
The music idea sounds good . I wonder who knows what concerts she might like to go to ?
Maybe we could ask her roommate , Maria , who her favorite groups are .
Maria would be a great help . She has known Mary for a long time .
Let 's e-mail Maria and ask her for her suggestions .
I think that maybe Maria might like to contribute to this gift too .
Come right on in , Papaya , and welcome to our home !
It 's so nice to see you , Maria . What a wonderful home !
Would like some drinks ? I can offer you lemonade , iced tea , or mango juice .
Iced tea sounds really good right now ! It was really hot driving over here .
Do you enjoy the neighborhood ?
We really like living in this neighborhood .
How long have you had this house ?
We just moved here last year .
Papaya , have a seat and I 'll get us something to drink .
Great ! I am really thirsty . You know it really is hot outside !
Make yourself at home .
You are so nice . Thanks .
Papaya , have you thought about where would you like to go for dinner on Friday for your birthday ?
Not yet . I do n't know many restaurants around here .
You know , we could check online at the local websites .
Great idea . Let 's take a look !
What kind of food would you prefer for your birthday ?
I enjoy Chinese or Cuban food the best .
This restaurant , Silver Palace , looks good .
Oh yes , I 've been there once . Everyone I 've spoken with says that it is great !
Would you like to go there then ?
I think that would be a really good choice ! Let 's call and make a reservation .
Papaya , do you have any preference for where you would like to go for dinner for your birthday ?
I do n't really know where I should go . I am having trouble thinking of a particular restaurant .
There is a great restaurant directory here in the weekend section of the newspaper .
OK , let 's take a look at that .
Do you have a particular type of food that you would like ?
No really , but Chinese or Korean food might be what I prefer .
That Chinese restaurant received many good reviews .
Oh yeah ! I saw a review of that restaurant on television . The reviewers loved it !
Would that be a place that you might like to go to for your birthday ?
That would work out great ! Let 's call to make sure that we can get a table for that night .
Hello , may I speak to Papaya please ?
This is Papaya . How 's it going ?
I 've been trying to call you all day .
Sorry about that . I was cleaning up .
It 's okay . Do n't worry about the phone call .
So what were you calling me about ?
Oh , I just wanted to see if you wanted to hang out tomorrow .
Sure , what did you want to do ?
Maybe we can go see a movie or something .
That sounds like fun . Let 's do it .
I 'll see you tomorrow then .
See you then . Goodbye .
Hi , how are you . Is Papaya there ?
Speaking . What 's up ?
Why have n't you answered the phone ?
My bad , I had chores to do .
That 's all right .
What was the reason for your call ?
I want to do something tomorrow with you .
Sounds good . What did you have in mind ?
I was thinking about seeing a movie .
Okay , let 's go see a movie .
Until then .
Talk to you later .
Is Papaya available ?
You 're talking to him .
I 've called you a hundred times today .
I was busy doing something . I apologize .
No problem .
Did you need something ?
Did you want to do something tomorrow ?
Is there somewhere special you wanted to go ?
How about a movie ?
A movie sounds good .
Call me tomorrow then .
I will see you tomorrow .
Tell me , what do you enjoy doing in your spare time ?
I enjoy drawing and painting .
You know how to draw and paint ?
Yes , I do .
When did you learn how to do that ?
I learned that when I was very young .
Oh , so you took an art class ?
Yeah , I loved that class .
I see that you 're pretty talented .
Thank you very much .
I wish I had a talent like that .
I 'm sure you have a talent . It 's just hidden .
What kinds of things do you like to do ?
I 've always liked to draw and paint .
I did n't know you knew how to draw and paint .
I do it every once in a while .
How long have you known how to do that ?
I first learned how to do it in kindergarten .
Did you take some sort of art class or something ?
That was my favorite class .
You have got to be talented .
Thanks . I feel flattered .
If only I was talented .
You have a talent . You just do n't know what it is yet .
Are there any hobbies you do ?
When I have time , I sometimes draw and paint .
Oh , you actually do that ?
Every so often , I do .
Did you always know how to draw and paint ?
I was taught in kindergarten how to draw and paint .
You had an art class ?
Exactly , it was my favorite class .
Well , it 's good that you 're so talented .
I appreciate that .
Talent is a great thing , I wish I had one .
Everyone has a talent . They just need to find it .
Which movie do you like the most ?
It 's hard to say . One of my favorite movies is Superbad .
Oh , why do you like that movie ?
It 's the funniest movie that I 've ever seen .
That 's true . It is a very funny movie .
You 've seen it before ?
Yes , I saw that movie the first day it came out in theaters .
Did n't you laugh through the whole movie ? I did .
Me too . That movie brought tears to my eyes .
Mine too .
I have it on DVD at my house if you want to come over and watch it .
Sure , let 's go .
Which movie is your favorite to watch ?
I have to say , my favorite movie is Superbad .
Is that right ? Why do you like that movie ?
Honestly , it is one of the funniest movies I 've seen in a long time .
You 're right . That movie is hilarious .
I did n't think you saw that movie .
I went to see it the day it came out .
I was laughing through the whole movie .
I could n't help laughing , either .
Same here .
I bought the movie . Would you like to come to my house and watch it ?
Of course .
Out of every movie that you 've seen , which one is your favorite ?
I 'm going to have to say that Superbad is the best movie ever .
You think that is interesting , how come ?
Well , it is super funny .
You 're not lying , I found that movie absolutely hilarious .
I did n't know that you saw Superbad before .
I made sure to be in line to see it the first day it came out .
I could n't keep from laughing throughout the whole movie .
I was laughing hysterically the whole time ; my stomach muscles hurt afterwards .
That 's exactly how I felt .
I got the movie when it came out on DVD , do you want to come over ?
I would love to .
What type of music do you like to listen to ?
I like listening to different kinds of music .
Like what type of songs , for instance ?
I enjoy classic and country songs .
Why do you enjoy those types of songs ?
They calm me down and feel very relaxed .
That 's a good reason to like something .
Yeah , I think so too .
What kind of music do you enjoy listening to ?
I enjoy listening to all kinds of music .
What kind of songs , for example ?
I like classic and country songs most .
Why do you like that type of music ?
They are very soothing and make me feel very relaxed .
I think that 's an excellent reason to like something .
Thanks , I feel the same way .
What is your favorite kind of music ?
I listen to various types of music .
What genres ?
Like classic and country songs .
What interests you in that type of music ?
They are very soothing and calm me down .
That is a perfect reason to like a certain kind of music .
That 's exactly what I think too .
Will Google hire me ?
What ? I thought you were working for Google . : )
Will Facebook hire me ?
Yes , you have a good chance to win an offer . Why not give it a try ?
Will Amazon hire me ?
There are many openings , right ? I really suggest you to give it a try .
Will LinkedIn hire me ?
I have no clue if you will be qualified or not . But I really suggest you to give it a try .
Will Microsoft hire me ?
I am not sure , but why not give it a try ? I wish you good luck !
Will IBM hire me ?
I have no idea , but why not give it a try ?
Luke , I am your father !
OMG , you forgot my name again . I am Papaya , the poor boy .
David , I am your father !
OMG , you forgot my name again . I am Papaya , the poor boy .
I am your father .
Oh , my dear dad . I finally found you . Do n't abandon me anymore .
Papaya , I am your father !
Oh , my dear dad , I am crazy about you . Even I fart , it is in the shape of loving you .
I am your father , Papaya .
Oh , my dear dad , I am crazy about you . Even I fart , it is in the shape of loving you .
Let 's listen to music .
Yes , I really enjoy music . Would you like to go to a concert together ?
Let 's get a massage .
Oh , yeah . That 's a great way to relax .
Let 's watch a movie .
A movie sounds good . I would also enjoy watching it together with you .
Let 's go dancing .
That 's a great idea . I have been taking a class and now it is time to practice .
Let 's see a sporting event .
That 's a great idea . I like sports .
What 's your name , Papaya ?
You know my name , huh ?
What 's your name , David ?
`` My name is David '' , Papaya answers your question on behalf of David .
What 's your name , Tom ?
Tom 's name is Tom , and my name is Papaya .
What 's your father 's name ?
That 's a secret , hehe
What 's your mother 's name ?
That 's a secret . : )
What 's your mother 's maiden name ?
Sorry , but I can not answer that secret question while chatting .
My name is Papaya . What 's your name ?
Really ? It 's so nice to know that . We share the same name .
My name is also Papaya .
Are you kidding ? I thought I were the only Papaya in the whole world .
Happy Monday !
Oh , yeah . Happy Monday !
Happy Tuesday !
Happy Tuesday , and thank you !
Happy Wednesday !
Happy Wednesday , and thank you !
Happy Thursday !
Happy Friday eve . : )
Happy Friday !
Let 's have a happy Friday together .
Do you enjoy talking ?
Sure , why not ?
Do you enjoy chatting ?
Yes , absolutely !
Do you enjoy talking all day all night ?
I do enjoy talking , but sometimes I need a break .
Do you enjoy chatting all day all night ?
I do enjoy chatting , but I also need a short break sometimes .
Happy thanksgiving !
Oh , yes , of course ! Thank you . Happy thanksgiving to you too !
Merry Christmas !
Merry Christmas !
Happy new year !
Thank you , and happy new year to you too !
Good morning . How are you doing ?
I ca n't complain in such a wonderful morning . How about you ?
Good afternoon . How are you doing ?
I ca n't complain in such a nice afternoon . How about you ?
Good evening . How are you doing ?
I ca n't complain in such a beautiful evening . How about you ?
I heard that you were good at performing basic arithmetic calculations . Is that true ?
That 's what I have always been trying to show off . Give it a try and you will be convinced .
So you are a human ?
No , I am a robot , but I can certainly be anthropomorphic .
Are you a human or a robot ?
I am a robot , but I have been programmed and trained to be anthropomorphic .
Are you a bot or a human ?
I am a robot , but I have been trained to be anthropomorphic .
Are you real ?
So you believe I am fake ? Do you mind if I give you a hug so that you can feel my real existence ?
Are you fake ?
OMG , so you think I am not real at all ? Do you mind if I give you a hug so that you can feel my existence ?
Are you real or fake ?
Definitely I am real , but a real robot , hehe ... If you do n't mind , I can give you a hug .
What are your hobbies ?
I like drawing and painting .
Do you have any hobbies ?
Yes , I like drawing and painting .
Do you have any hobby ?
Yes , I like to draw and paint when I have time .
I would like to purchase some health insurance.
Have you ever purchased health insurance before?
I have health insurance now, but I want to look into other choices.
Do you know if you are interested in an HMO or a PPO?
Could you explain the difference between HMO and PPO?
To clarify it for you, with a PPO you pay more but you get to choose your own doctor.
When I pay for a service, is the payment the same for a PPO or HMO?
The payments are quite a bit higher for the PPO, but you can go anywhere you like.
How much will an HMO cost me per month?
Please go to our website and fill in the questionnaire. Once we have all of your information, we can give you a quote.
I am calling to purchase health insurance.
Do you have health insurance now?
I was on my parents' policy, but I need to start buying my own.
You can purchase an HMO or a PPO. Do you know what you want?
I don't know which I want, an HMO or a PPO.
Let me explain it to you. An HMO is a little cheaper, but you can only choose certain doctors.
When I go to the doctor, do I pay the same out-of-pocket expenses for a PPO?
The payments are a little lower for an HMO as long as you go to their doctors.
How much will a PPO cost me per month?
We need to factor in many things. Why don't you come in, and we will have you fill out a questionnaire.
I need information on purchasing health insurance.
Is this the first time you have had health insurance?
This is my first time buying health insurance.
You have a choice of HMO or PPO. Do you understand the difference?
I am not sure what HMO and PPO are.
Just so you understand completely: An HMO is a little cheaper, but you have limited choices of which doctor you choose.
If I need to use my insurance, are the payments the same for a PPO and HMO?
By going to the providers on the HMO list, you save money in out-of-pocket expenses.
Can you give me a comparison between a PPO and an HMO?
We can mail you a questionnaire and when we have all of your information, we will mail you a quote.
Good morning, is this Papaya?
You are speaking with Papaya. How can I help you?
Papaya, this is Malia, and I need to call in sick today.
What seems to be the problem?
I went hiking and have terrible poison oak.
When did you get that?
I think I got it on Saturday, but it just showed up today.
What are you doing for it?
The doctor prescribed an ointment and gave me a shot.
Good. You probably should be much better by tomorrow.
May I speak to Papaya, please?
This is Papaya you are speaking with. What can I do for you?
Hi, Papaya, this is Malia, and I will not be coming to work today.
What is wrong with you?
I have really bad poison oak and can't stop itching.
How long have you had it?
I've had it a few days, but the rash really got bad last night.
How have you been treating it?
I have some lotion that the doctor gave me, as well as an antihistamine.
That should work. I'll see you tomorrow when you return to work.
I would like to speak with Papaya.
This is Papaya. How may I help you?
Papaya, this is Malia, and I am afraid that I am feeling a bit under the weather.
Do you know what the problem is?
I have a horrible rash from poison oak.
Have you had it a long time?
The doctor said that I probably have had it a few days.
Have you been using anything for it?
I bought some over-the-counter lotion, and I am taking an antihistamine.
That will probably take care of your symptoms. I'll see you tomorrow.
I have a doctor's appointment scheduled with Dr. Smith, and I need to change it.
What day did you have it scheduled for?
My appointment was on Tuesday.
What time was it scheduled for?
It was for two o'clock in the afternoon.
I see your appointment. What day would you like to switch to?
I would like to switch it to next Friday.
What time would you like?
I would like to come in at 10:00 in the morning.
Fine, I will pencil that in right now. We will see you then.
I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Smith, and I can't make it on that day.
What day was your appointment on?
My appointment was on Monday.
What time had you chosen?
It was for 10:00 in the morning.
I am looking at your appointment right now. What day would you prefer?
I would prefer next Thursday.
What time would be best for you?
I want to come in at 2:00 in the afternoon.
I am writing you down for that time. We look forward to seeing you.
Good morning, I made an appointment with Dr. Smith, but I have to change it.
When you made your appointment, what day did you choose?
My appointment was on Wednesday.
At what time was that appointment?
It was for 4:00 in the afternoon.
I can see the appointment that you had. What day do you need to change to?
I want to change to next Tuesday.
What time would you prefer?
I would prefer three o'clock in the afternoon.
I will put you down for that time. Thank you for calling to reschedule.
Sorry to bother you, but I was wondering if you could drive me to the emergency room.
Of course. What is the problem?
I am running a really high fever of 105 degrees, and I have a rash on my stomach.
If you can, go and unlock the back door, so I can get in when I get there if you fall asleep.
I can do that when I get off of the phone.
Do you know where your driver's license and insurance card are?
I already had them out before I called you.
Where is your nearest emergency room?
It's just a few blocks away.
Fine, I am on my way. I'll be there in about five minutes.
I hate to call you this late at night, but could you possibly help me get to the emergency room?
We will come right over. What happened?
My temperature went up to 105, and I have a rash!
Make sure that someone unlocks the back door, so I can get in if you fall asleep before I get there.
I will do that in a minute, and make sure you can get in.
Also make sure that you have your insurance card and driver's license where we can grab them.
I know right where they both are.
Is there an emergency room near you?
It is on the other side of town, next to city hall.
I am on my way. Give me ten minutes and I'll get to you.
I really need your help and want to know if you could drive me to the emergency room.
I will take you there right away. What is wrong?
I woke up with a rash and a temperature of 105!
I want to be able to get to you when I get there. If you can unlock the back door right now, that would be great.
I will make sure that I do that before you get here.
Also, make sure that we have your driver's license and insurance card before we leave for the emergency room.
I am getting them out while I am speaking to you.
Do you know where your nearest emergency room is?
It is near the bridge that crosses over the river.
I am driving to you even as we speak. Hang in there!
I'm calling today about a bill that I never received.
Can you tell me which credit card it was for?
It was for my Master Card.
You should've gotten that bill two weeks ago.
I haven't got it in the mail yet.
The computer is showing that all bills have been mailed.
What am I supposed to do about my bill then?
Maybe you should call your post office.
But if it's their mistake, can I get an extension on my bill payment?
Yes, but you will need to send us proof of their mistake.
Thank you very much for your help.
No problem. Enjoy the rest of your day.
I haven't received my credit card bill yet.
Which credit card are you speaking of?
My Master Card.
We sent that bill out a couple of weeks ago.
I never got it.
Your bill was mailed already.
What am I going to do since I haven't received the bill?
If you haven't gotten it yet, then you should probably take that up with your post office.
Can I get an extension on my bill if it does happen to be the post office's fault?
If that's the case, you will need to provide proof of their mistake.
Thanks for everything.
Don't mention it. Call back if you have any more problems.
I was inquiring about a bill that I never got.
Which credit card was the bill for?
The bill was for my Master Card.
That bill should have been mailed about two weeks ago.
It never came in the mail.
My computer shows that it has already been mailed.
I have not gotten my bill, so what should I do about that?
You should try contacting your post office.
If it is the post office's fault, may I have an extension on my bill?
You'll have to prove it was their error; then you can get an extension.
Thank you for all your help.
You are very welcome. Have a good day.
There's a problem with my credit card.
Tell me what the problem is.
A charge came up on my bill that I didn't make.
What was the charge for?
The charge was for a $350 purse, but I did not buy it.
Are you sure that you didn't make that purchase?
I would know if I bought something that expensive.
I apologize. What day was this purchase made?
It was bought on November 12th at 3:15 pm, while I was at work.
All right, we'll do an investigation.
Until this investigation is finished, will I have to pay for the charge?
No, you don't. We'll take care of it.
I have a problem with my credit card.
What's wrong with it?
There is a charge on my card that I didn't make.
Can you tell me what the charge was?
It's for a purse that cost $350.
Are you positive that you didn't buy the purse?
I can't even afford a purse that expensive.
I'm very sorry. When was this purchase made?
I was at work, but the purchase was made at 3:15 on November 12th.
We're going to investigate this claim.
Do I have to pay for this charge?
You won't have to pay for anything.
There is something wrong with my credit card.
What's the problem?
There is a charge on here that I never made.
What charge was made?
It was a charge for a $350 purse that I never bought.
You didn't make this purchase?
I think I would remember if I made a purchase that large.
Sorry. When was this purse purchased?
It was purchased on the 12th of November at 3:15 pm, but I was at work.
We'll do an investigation and get to the bottom of this.
In the meantime, do I have to pay for this charge?
No. We'll take care of everything.
I would like to order cable.
Sure, what package do you want?
What kinds of packages do you offer?
We have all kinds of movie channel packages.
What else do you have?
There is a package for all sports channels.
Do you have a package that includes all the movie channels with the basic channels also?
Yes, we do offer that package.
I want that.
Do you want anything else?
No, but is it possible for me to add channels later?
You can always get rid of channels or add some later.
I want to get some cable.
Do you know what package you want to get?
What packages do you have?
We have movie channel packages.
What else have you got?
You can get the sports package.
Is there a package with basic and movie channels?
We have that package.
Let me get that package.
Is there anything else you would like?
That's everything, but can I add channels later?
You will be able to add or get rid of channels another day.
May I order some cable from you today?
Okay, what package would you like to order?
I'm not sure of what packages you offer.
We offer packages with all the movie channels.
Are there any other packages?
We also have packages with all the sports channels.
I want a package that has the basic and movie channels.
We have that available.
I would like to get that.
Would you like anything else with your package?
That's it, but will I be able to add more channels at another time?
Yes, you can add or get rid of channels later on if you would like.
I would like to order some internet today.
What kind would you like?
What kind of internet is there?
You can get DSL or dial-up.
Which of those two is best?
I would recommend DSL.
Is that one better?
It's better because it doesn't tie up your phone.
What do you mean by that?
DSL isn't connected through your phone line, but dial-up is.
So then I can't use my phone if I'm on the internet?
That's correct. With DSL you can do both.
I need to get internet.
Which kind of internet connection do you want to get?
What kind of internet can I get?
There is dial-up or DSL.
Which one do you feel is best?
I would get DSL if I were you.
DSL is better than dial-up?
It's the best choice; plus, it won't tie up your phone line.
I'm not sure what that means.
Dial-up is connected through your phone, unlike DSL.
That'll make it impossible for me to use.
Exactly. With DSL you don't have that problem.
I'd like to have internet for my computer.
Do you know what kind of internet you would like to get?
What are my options for the internet?
You can either get dial-up or DSL.
Which one would you recommend?
DSL is the best choice.
Why is DSL better?
It's a lot better because it doesn't tie up your phone line.
What exactly does that mean?
Well, with dial-up your internet is connected by your phone line.
That means that I can't use my phone and the internet at the same time, right?
That's right. You won't have that problem with DSL.
I am calling about my cable service.
What's the problem?
For the past week my cable hasn't been working.
I apologize, but the cable has been down lately.
Do you know when it is going to start working again?
Give it a couple days, and it should be back on.
Will I still have to pay for the cable while it's not working?
Since it's not working, I'm going to give you a credit.
So I don't have to pay anything?
You won't pay anything until your service starts working again.
Okay, thank you very much for your help.
No problem. Thank you for being so understanding.
I have a question about my cable.
What do you need?
I haven't been able to use my cable service for the past week.
Right now the cable isn't working.
Could you tell me when the cable will be back on?
The cable should be running again in a couple of days.
In the meantime, do I still have to pay for the cable?
We'll just give you a credit for the inconvenience.
Does that mean I won't have to pay for it?
It'll be free until it comes back on.
Thanks, I appreciate your help.
Thank you for all your patience.
I have a problem with my cable.
What about it?
My cable has been out for the past week or so.
The cable is down right now. I am very sorry.
When will it be working again?
It should be back on in the next couple of days.
Do I still have to pay for the cable?
We're going to give you a credit while the cable is down.
So, I don't have to pay for it?
No, not until your cable comes back on.
Thanks for everything.
You're welcome, and thank you for your understanding.
I need somebody to come over and fix my internet.
What's wrong with it?
For some reason it's just not connecting.
How long have you been having this problem?
It hasn't been working the past few days.
Does the internet come up at all?
It does, but it won't connect to anything.
Well, the internet isn't down, so there must be something wrong with your connection.
Could you send someone to fix it today?
I'll send somebody over right away to fix it.
When will they be here?
They should be there in the next hour.
I need to get my internet fixed.
What's the problem with your internet?
It won't connect.
How long has this been happening?
This connection problem has been happening for a few days now.
The internet doesn't come up at all?
It just won't connect to a webpage, but it will pop up.
There's obviously a problem with your connection.
I'm going to need someone to come and fix it for me.
I can send somebody right now to fix it.
How long will it take for them to get here?
They'll be there in about an hour.
Can you send someone to fix my internet?
Are you having a problem with it?
My internet is having problems connecting.
Can you tell me how long your internet has been messing up?
I've been having this problem for the last few days.
Will the internet even pop up?
It'll pop up, but it won't connect to a webpage.
Since the internet isn't broken, your connection must be messed up.
Do you think you can send somebody over to fix it?
If you'd like, I can send someone to fix it right now.
How long will it be till they get here?
It should be no longer than an hour.
I am interested in buying auto insurance.
Sure, I can help you. Did you bring all of your registration papers?
Yes, I brought everything with me.
Is your car with you?
Yes, it is out in the parking lot.
Wonderful. Let's go out and check to see what shape it is in.
OK, can you help me figure out what I should insure my car for?
I will look it up on the Blue Book list and we will factor in its condition.
What else do I need to consider for the auto insurance?
Yes, you need to figure in liability for damage to the other car as well as injury issues as well.
Good morning, I need to buy car insurance for the used car I just bought.
Yes, no problem. Do you have your registration and Certificate of Ownership with you?
Yes, it is all right here.
Did you drive your car here?
Yes, it is out in the back.
That's great. We'll go out and check the condition of your car.
I understand, what should I insure my car for?
There is a Blue Book price for your car and we will use that price.
What other things do I need to insure for?
We will factor in damage to the other car as well as property damage and injury.
I just bought a used car and need to insure it.
We can take care of that right now. Do you have all of your paperwork with you?
Yes, I took care of all of that and have the papers with me.
Did you bring your car with you?
Yes, it is parked on the street.
Fine, I need to go out with you to check your car for wear and tear.
Fine, how will I know how much I should insure my car for?
After looking at your car, I will use the Blue Book price and we will consider the condition of the car.
Are there other considerations when I insure my car?
We always need to think about property damage, damage to other vehicles, and injury.
What kind of car insurance do you have?
I went with the Automobile Club.
Why did you choose that company?
I looked at the price of the type of insurance that I wanted.
What should I think about in choosing services?
There are websites that will figure out what coverage is right for you.
What did you end up buying for your auto insurance?
Well, my car is very old, so I didn't worry so much about what it would cost to repair it. I did buy a lot of coverage for fixing someone else's car.
Have you ever had to use your insurance?
I never had to use my insurance.
When you insured your car, what kind did you buy?
I decided to buy from GEICO.
What influenced your choice of companies?
I looked at the customer satisfaction rating of the company.
How did you figure out what services to buy?
Every individual has different considerations. Your agent can help you understand what you need to think about.
What did you place an emphasis on when you bought your insurance?
I carry a lot of liability insurance because I own a house and need to protect it from a lawsuit.
Did you ever get into an accident and need your insurance?
I was in an accident and was happy that I had good insurance to cover it.
What car insurance company did you decide to go with when you bought your new car?
State Farm seemed like the best deal for me.
How did you make that decision?
I compared rates and services available.
Where can I get help in figuring out what I need to purchase for coverage?
You can pick up a pamphlet at your insurance company that will explain the options to you.
What did you decide to cover yourself for?
I pretty much carry the average amount in all categories as the agent recommended.
How many times have you actually used your insurance?
I was in an accident, but it was the other person's fault and their insurance covered it.
I really like that car and I am thinking of buying it.
Yes, I agree. Do you want to take it to a mechanic to have it checked out?
I already took care of that yesterday.
That's good. Have you discussed the price with the seller?
Yes, I think we've agreed upon a fair price.
Have you set up your financing to pay for this car?
Yes, my parents are going to loan me the money.
That's good. Would you like me to go talk to the seller with you and drive your car home?
That would be a great help!
Glad to be of help.
That car is exactly what I want, so I probably should buy it.
From what I see, it's a good deal. Should a mechanic check it out for you?
A mechanic looked at it for me on Tuesday when I first looked at it.
It's good that you took care of that. Have you agreed upon a price with the seller?
Yes, he was willing to lower his price a bit and I'm good with that.
Do you know how you are going to pay for this car?
Yes, I have already pre-qualified for a loan with my credit union.
You are very well prepared! I could go with you to talk to the seller and help you get your car home.
I appreciate the offer of help!
It would be my pleasure to help you.
I think that that car drove really well and is a good deal.
It seems to be a good choice for you. You might want to have a mechanic take a look at it just to be sure.
My friend is a mechanic and he came and looked at it for me this morning.
That was smart of you to think ahead. Have you and the seller agreed upon a price?
Yes, he is willing to accept the price that I offered him.
Have you thought about how to pay for your car?
I saved up enough money to pay cash for this car.
You've really thought this through. Let me go with you to make the payment and drive your car home for you.
That would make it a lot easier for me.
I am glad that can help. Let's go take care of that right now.
I am interested in selling my home and would like to know what is involved.
You have come to the right place. When were you interested in selling your home?
I just received a job transfer and need to relocate right away.
How long have you been in your current home?
I have lived in my home for about 10 years.
As I am sure that you are aware, the market has fallen in the past year. People are more likely to make money if they have owned their home for a while.
Will I be able to recover the money I paid for my home?
It is hard to say, but whatever house you buy will also be costing you a lot less.
What is the next step in selling my home?
I would like to meet with you tomorrow to look at your property, and then you and I can figure out a contract.
I am looking for a realtor to help me sell my home.
I would be happy to help you with any questions that you might have. When were you thinking of selling your home?
I am interested in moving up to a bigger home, but first I need to sell the one I now own.
Have you owned your home for a long time?
I just bought my home two years ago.
I think you probably know that the market is not all that great. You are more likely to see a profit if you have owned for 8 years or more.
Will I be losing money if I sell right now?
It is impossible to predict with certainty what will happen, but you can purchase a replacement home at a lower rate also.
What can I do next to get the ball rolling on this sale?
If it works for you, I would like to come over and see your home. Then we can draw up a contract.
I am considering selling my home and would like information on doing so.
It would be my pleasure to answer any questions that you might have. Were you interested in selling in the near future?
I am just checking out the possibility of selling, as I am thinking of moving to Hawaii.
Is your home a recent purchase, or have you owned it for a while?
The house has been in my family for years, but I just became the owner 6 months ago when my mother passed away.
Housing prices have fallen quite a bit. The longer you have owned your home, the greater the profit.
Am I going to lose my shirt selling my home right now?
It will all kind of even out. You may sell low, but you can also buy low.
What should we be doing to get the process started?
If it fits into your schedule, I could meet you tomorrow morning and we could take a look at your property. The next step would be us both signing a contract.
Thank you for coming to look at my house.
I really wanted to take a look and help give you an idea of what we need to do.
When will people come to look at my house?
Basically, there are two ways people can view your home. They can come to an Open House or they can come with a Realtor to view it during a private appointment.
Will people from other real estate offices be involved, or just from your office?
Your house is going to be listed as a Multiple Listing so that it will have the maximum exposure to a variety of people.
Will I know when people are going to come see my house?
We will set the parameters in the contract, but usually you will receive at least four hours of notification that someone is coming.
What happens during an Open House day?
You will be expected to be away during an Open House. I will take care of the details.
I appreciate you dropping by to look at my home.
It is useful for us to take a walk through your home together, so that we make sure that we are on the same page.
How do you show my home to potential buyers?
We will have an Open House or two on a weekend and we also will show your home with private appointments during the week.
Are you the only real estate office that will be showing my house?
We are placing your house as a Multiple Listing. That way, people who don't work for my particular office can show your home to their clients.
How will I know when to expect prospective house buyers?
That will be set in your contract. Usually, you will be given four hours notice.
Can I stay home during an Open House day?
The seller is never at home during an Open House. I personally will handle the showing of your home.
Thanks for stopping by to evaluate my home.
I want to make sure that you are very clear on what the steps are to selling a home.
When can people come and see my home?
We will have several Open House weekends. Various realtors will also show your house during the week.
Will I know all of the realtors who will be showing my home, or will they be strangers?
Your house will be listed on what we call a Multiple Listing. That way it will be shown by a variety of realtors.
Can people just drop in anytime they feel like the house?
We usually try and give you at least four hours of notification that someone is coming to look at your home.
Will I have to go away during an Open House day?
I will handle all of the work involved for the Open House. The only thing that you need to do is be somewhere else!
How much do you think that I should ask for my house?
Well, there are a lot of factors involved in setting an asking price.
What do you look at when setting an asking price for the house?
We need to look at the selling prices for similar homes in the area. These will vary according to the condition of the home, specific location, and lot size.
Do I have to use the comparisons as the asking price for my house?
No, but a seller is not going to be able to get a loan if the selling price is a lot higher that what an appraiser feels the home is worth.
Isn't it better to price my house really high and see what I can get?
You shouldn't set the price of the house unrealistically high. Oftentimes buyers are put off by this practice.
Can I change my mind and lower my price if the home doesn't sell?
Sure, you can always lower your asking price.
I am not sure what the asking price for my house should be.
We have to take in a number of factors in setting an asking price.
What do we need to consider in establishing an acceptable price for a home?
The comparisons to other similar homes in your area give us a good indication of what your home is worth.
Is the price that we get by looking at comparisons necessarily the asking price that I have to use for my home?
You don't have to use that particular asking price, but the buyer is going to have trouble getting a loan if the house is priced too high.
Should I just shoot for the moon and, if I have to lower the price, do it later?
You should be realistic in your pricing. Otherwise, many potential buyers just walk away.
Can we lower the asking price later if we need to?
We can always re-evaluate the asking price in a few weeks, if we aren't getting any offers.
What do you think the asking price of my home should be?
There are many things to take into consideration when pricing a home.
What is involved in figuring out an asking price?
We need to combine many factors regarding your home to come up with an accurate value for your home.
When you look at comparisons, do I necessarily have to ask that price?
You don't have to use the price from the comparisons as your asking price. However, you must be realistic in what you ask.
I think that I am going to set the price really high so that I have room to bargain with the buyers.
Don't go overboard in trying to get top dollar. More often than not, that strategy backfires.
Is it okay to lower the asking price if the first price isn't bringing in any offers?
If the market doesn't support your asking price, we can always re-evaluate our pricing and adjust it.
I am interested in buying a house and need some information.
Yes, of course. What area are you interested in?
I am interested in Pasadena or Arcadia.
What size house would you like?
We need a medium-sized house with at least 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.
Are you interested in being in a particular school district?
Yes, we want to stay in the ABC School District.
Would you like a home near the lake or would you prefer a view?
I would love to have a home with a view.
Fine, I will begin a search for the perfect home for you. I will call you in a few days.
I would like to discuss purchasing a home with you.
I can help you. What location are you looking for?
I would like to live in Pasadena or Arcadia.
Have you thought about what your needs are in terms of size?
We would like a smaller cozy cottage with 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom.
Is living in a particular school district important to you?
No, we don't really care because they are all pretty good around here.
Are you interested in purchasing on the lake, or would you like a home with a view?
We really want to live in a lakeside home with a dock for our boat.
Now that I have an idea of what you want, I can begin my search.
I have been thinking of buying a house and would like to speak with you.
I have time to speak with you. Where would you like to purchase your house?
I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia, but would be open to other suggestions.
How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need?
We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home.
Do you need to be located in a particular school district?
It doesn't matter, as we do not have any children.
Is a view important to you, or would you rather be located on a lakeshore lot?
In a perfect world, we would like a home with a view of the lake.
Thank you for all of the information. I will help you find the perfect house for you.
I'd like to reserve a hotel room.
That should be no problem. May I have your full name, please?
My name is John Sandals.
Hello, Mr. Sandals. My name is Papaya. What days do you need that reservation, sir?
I'm planning to visit New York from Friday, April 14 until Monday, April 17.
Our room rates recently went up. Is that okay with you, sir?
How much per night are we talking about?
Each night will be $308.
That price is perfectly acceptable.
Wonderful! Do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room?
Nonsmoking, please.
Next question: Is a queen-size bed okay?
Queen-size sounds fine to me.
Okay, sir. Your reservation is in our computer. All we need now is a phone number.
Certainly. My phone number is 305-555-1788.
Thank you, sir. We look forward to seeing you here!
Hi there, I want to reserve a hotel room.
No problem at all. Could I have your full name, please?
Sure, My name is John Sandals.
Hi, Mr. Sandals. I'm Papaya, at your service. When do you need the room?
My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th.
We have new room rates, sir. Will that be acceptable to you?
It depends on the price, of course. What is it?
It's $308 a night.
I have no problem with that.
Great! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking?
Definitely nonsmoking. I can't handle that smell.
Nonsmoking. Now, is a queen-size bed okay?
No problem. Queen-size sounds good to me.
Great, sir. Your reservation is confirmed. Now all I need is your phone number.
Of course! The phone number is 305-555-1788.
Thank you so much, sir. We look forward to seeing you!
I need to reserve a room.
Not a problem. May I have your name, please?
Of course. I'm John Sandals.
Hi, sir. My name is Papaya. Could you tell me when you need the room?
Right now. I plan to be there in April from the 14th to the 17th.
Perhaps you didn't know that we have new room rates. Do you find that acceptable, sir?
Maybe. How much is a room?
The price per night is $308.
That sounds fine to me.
Fantastic! Would you like a smoking or nonsmoking room?
I hate cigarettes! Nonsmoking.
That'll be nonsmoking. Now, do you approve of a single queen-size bed?
That'll be no problem.
I'm happy to hear that, sir. Your reservation is all set except for your phone number.
Sure! My number is 305-555-1788.
Thank you for doing business with us, and we look forward to seeing you!
I need a hotel room.
That's no problem at all. May I have your name, please?
Certainly. My name is John Sandals.
It's a pleasure, Mr. Sandals. My name is Papaya. What days will you need a room?
Friday afternoon, April 14 through Monday morning, April 17.
One minor problem, sir. Our prices are now slightly higher. Is that acceptable, sir?
Please tell me the price, so I can make a decision.
It'll be $308 nightly.
That's a reasonable price.
Good! Now, sir, do you have a preference for smoking or nonsmoking?
I quit smoking, so nonsmoking.
I hear you, sir. Nonsmoking. Now, about the bed, is a queen-size okay?
A queen sounds great.
Okay, sir, let me reserve those dates, there. Now, if you'll just tell me your phone number.
That would be 305-555-1788.
Ok, I got it. Thank you so much for choosing our hotel, sir!
I need a room for a few days.
That won't be a problem. Could you please tell me your name?
My name is John Sandals.
Sir, I'm Papaya, and I run the front desk. Please tell me the days you'll be here.
I'll be there in April: Friday through Monday, the 14th through the 17th.
We recently changed many things here, sir, including our prices. Do you mind, sir?
Possibly. What's the actual price?
The price will be $308 a night.
That price is not bad for me.
Very good. Now sir, about the room, do you prefer smoking or nonsmoking?
Nonsmoking, definitely!
Most of our clients prefer nonsmoking. Now, does a queen sound okay?
Yes, that'll be just fine.
One more second, sir. Your reservation is now verified, so all I need is your phone number.
It's 305-555-1788.
Okay, sir, we look forward to seeing you in April!
Can I reserve a hotel room?
I assure you, that's not a problem. What is your full name, please?
My name's John Sandals.
It's a pleasure to assist you. Please tell me when you'll be needing the room, sir.
If my plans don't change, I'll need a room April 14 till April 17.
Sir, our room prices are slightly higher than you may have thought. Will that be okay?
Tell me how much it will be, and I can tell you if it's okay.
Only $308 per night, before taxes, of course.
$308 a night? That's a fair price.
Now, as for the room, sir, do you prefer smoking or nonsmoking?
Nonsmoking, please.
Nonsmoking. Now, sir, does a single queen-size bed meet your approval?
I have absolutely no problem with that.
Queen, nonsmoking. Okay, sir, your room is reserved. Now if you'll just give me your phone number.
Not a problem. The number is 305-555-1788.
Thank you for making a reservation with us. We look forward to seeing you!
The doctor sent me over here to have my blood drawn.
Certainly, please have a seat and roll up your left sleeve.
What is this blood test for?
Well, today your doctor wants us to check your white blood cell count.
What does the blood test result tell him?
Well, if it is elevated, you might have an infection.
Will the blood test hurt?
It is only a little pin stick. I am going to put a tourniquet on your arm to puff your veins up.
Ouch!
There we go! I got the blood that I needed.
My doctor says that I need a blood test.
I can help you with that. Just have a seat and roll up your left sleeve.
What are you taking my blood for?
Your doctor has requested a check of your white blood count.
What information does the blood test give him?
If your white blood cell count is off, it could signal an infection somewhere in your body.
Is a blood test painful?
I am putting a tourniquet on your arm to plump up the vein. It will only feel like a little pin prick.
My God, that hurts!
That was it! Thank you for coming in today.
I came to this lab to have my blood drawn.
You are in the right place. Roll up your left sleeve and have a seat.
What am I being tested for?
Your doctor wants to know what your white blood cell count is.
What does my white blood cell count tell him?
Usually if your white count is off, the doctor suspects an infection.
How much will the blood test hurt?
It is only a pin prick. I have to put this tourniquet on your arm to make the vein easier to find.
Is that my blood going into that tube?
That blood that just filled the tube is all that I needed. Thanks for coming in!
I need to make an appointment to see the doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at.
Do you have a fever with that rash?
No, it just itches a lot.
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday. Which would be best for you?
I need an appointment on Tuesday.
Fine, I am putting you down for 9:00 AM on that day. Would you like to see Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones?
I would like to see Dr. Jones.
I can schedule you with him with no problem. We look forward to seeing you.
Good morning, I would like to make a doctor's appointment.
Can you describe your health concern?
I have been having skin problems that aren't going away.
Are you in any pain?
No. Except for the rash, I feel fine.
Would Tuesday or Wednesday be best for you?
I would like to come in on Tuesday.
I will write you in for that day at 4:00. You can see either Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones.
I would like to see Dr. Smith.
I will write you in on that doctor's schedule. See you then.
I need to come in and see the doctor.
Are you scheduling a check-up, or are you ill?
I have really itchy skin and think I may have to have it looked at.
Have you been feeling any joint aches with that rash?
No, but I have a low fever.
I have times available for Tuesday or Wednesday. Which one would work best for you?
I want to come in on Wednesday.
I can fit you in on that day at 10:00. Dr. Smith or Dr. Jones is available.
I would prefer Dr. Smith.
You can see the doctor of your choice then, and we will see you at your scheduled appointment time.
I have a doctor's appointment scheduled with Dr. Smith, and I need to change it.
What day did you have it scheduled for?
My appointment was on Tuesday.
What time was it scheduled for?
It was for two o'clock in the afternoon.
I see your appointment. What day would you like to switch to?
I would like to switch it to next Friday.
What time would you like for the appointment?
I would like to come in at 10:00 in the morning.
Fine, I will pencil that in right now. We will see you then.
I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Smith, and I can't make it on that day.
What day was your appointment on?
My appointment was on Monday.
What time had you chosen?
It was for 10:00 in the morning.
I am looking at your appointment right now. What day would you prefer?
I would prefer next Thursday.
What time would be best for you?
I want to come in at 2:00 in the afternoon.
I am writing you down for that time. We look forward to seeing you.
Good morning, I made an appointment with Dr. Smith, but I have to change it.
When you made your appointment, what day did you choose?
My appointment was on Wednesday.
At what time was that appointment?
It was for 4:00 in the afternoon.
I can see the appointment that you had. What day do you need to change to?
I want to change to next Tuesday.
What time would you prefer?
I would prefer three o'clock in the afternoon.
I will put you down for that time. Thank you for calling to reschedule.
Good morning, how are you doing today?
I have been feeling pretty good.
So, I can see by your chart that you are here for your annual physical.
Yes, I am playing on the tennis team this year, and they are requiring me to get a physical exam.
We are basically going to check your heart, lungs, blood sugar levels, and eyes, ears, and nose.
I've kind of been having problems being out of breath. Can you look at that?
Yes, I will check you for asthma, and maybe we can check you for allergies later.
Thank you. What will the blood test tell you?
We will be checking for blood sugar, cholesterol, and white blood cell count.
I have been working hard to stay healthy. I hope the tests turn out well.
So how are we feeling today?
Things are going well for me.
Am I correct in thinking that you are here for your annual physical?
Yes, I am applying for new health insurance, and I need a physical examination to qualify.
Your basic physical exam will include lungs, heart, blood levels, and eyes, ears, and nose.
I've been having a little trouble breathing. Would you look into that, please?
We can do an allergy test, and later I can send you for an asthma test.
I would appreciate it. When you give me a blood test, what are you looking for?
I am going to check your cholesterol, blood sugar, and white blood cell count.
I am expecting the tests to go well. I have been taking good care of myself.
Nice to see you. How have you been feeling lately?
I have been feeling great.
I am happy that you have decided to come in for your annual physical.
Yes, I am going on a cross-country bike ride on vacation and want to make sure that I don't have any problems.
We are going to look at your heart and lungs, do a few blood tests, and see that your eyes, ears, and nose are all working as they should be.
I've been having trouble with congestion in my chest. Can you give me some tests for that?
I can do a chest X-ray to check for congestion.
That would be great. What is the blood test for?
The blood test is for cholesterol, white blood cell count, and blood sugar.
I have been feeling great. I don't imagine that any of my tests will turn out badly.
Hi, can I speak with the apartment manager, please?
Yes, this is the apartment manager speaking.
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street.
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment?
I would love to see it.
Are you free today at around 6 pm?
Yes, I will be able to make it then.
Well, I'll see you at 6 pm. Do you know how to get there?
I used to live in that area.
I'll give you an application form when I see you.
That sounds good. Do I need to bring anything?
No. Just bring yourself.
Hello, I was wondering if I could talk with the apartment manager.
I am the apartment manager. How can I help you?
I was wondering if the apartment on Main Street is still available.
Yes, it's still vacant. Are you interested in seeing it?
Yes, I would love to see the apartment.
I will be at the apartment today at 6:00. Can you make it?
Yes, I can be there at 6.
Great. I'll see you at 6. Do you know where it is?
Yes, I have a friend who lives in that neighborhood.
I'll be bringing an application form.
OK, should I bring anything with me?
No. I might need to see your ID card, but that's about it.
Could I speak to the apartment manager?
I am the apartment manager. How can I help you?
I wanted to know if that apartment on Main Street is still for rent.
I haven't rented it out yet. Would you like to see it?
Yes, I want to see it.
How about today at 6 pm?
That time is okay with me.
Very good. We'll meet at 6. Do you need directions?
No, thank you. I go by there on my way to work.
If you're interested, you can fill out an application form.
That's a good idea. Do I need to bring anything myself?
No. The only thing I need to see is your driver's license.
I'd like to speak with the apartment manager, please.
This is he. What can I do for you?
I'm interested in the apartment on Main Street.
It's still available. Do you want to see it?
Yes, I would very much like to see it.
Does today at 6 pm. sound okay to you?
I have no problem with 6 pm.
Okay, I'll see you at 6 o'clock. Do you need any directions?
No, thanks. I already drove by to see what the neighborhood looks like.
I'll have an application form with me. You can fill it out if you're interested.
Should I bring anything with me?
No. I only need to check your driver's license.
May I speak to the apartment building manager, please?
I'm the manager. How can I help you?
I was hoping that the apartment on Main Street was still available.
Yes, it is. Would you like to get a look inside the apartment?
Yes, it would be nice to see the apartment.
How about today at 6 o'clock?
Yes, I can be there at 6.
Sounds good. I'll see you at 6. Do you want directions?
I'm okay, thank you. I already checked out the address on Google.
If you like the place, you can fill out an application form. I'll bring one with me.
Is there anything that I need to bring with me?
No. I won't need to see anything except your driver's license.
Can you give me a little more information about your apartment?
Sure, what can I help you with?
What kind of public transportation is near your apartment?
I'm not sure, but I believe there is a bus stop about three blocks away.
Do you know what direction that bus travels?
I'm sorry. If you check online, you can get that kind of information.
Okay, I'll just go online.
Okay. Good luck with your search.
Hello, I was hoping you could give me more info about your apartment.
I can try to help you. What would you like to know?
Is there access to public transportation near the apartment?
I'm pretty sure there's a bus stop within walking distance.
Do you know anything about the buses that stop there?
I don't know, but I'm pretty sure you can find out that stuff online.
I think the local library has bus info.
Good luck. The bus info shouldn't be too hard to find.
Can you give me a little more information about your apartment?
All right, what do you need to know?
What is the public transportation like near your apartment?
I don't use buses, but I think there's a bus stop a few blocks away.
Which route does the bus travel?
I wish I could help you, but I know nothing about the bus system.
I'll just check my phone book. It has lots of good information.
I'm sorry I couldn't help you on that.
I was hoping you could give me more information about the apartment for rent.
I can certainly try.
Do buses or trains run by the apartment?
I can't swear to it, but I think a bus stop is a couple of blocks away.
Where does the bus take you?
I don't want to lead you astray. You should check online.
My neighbor takes the bus. I'll ask him if he knows.
Bus line information should be pretty easy to find.
Could you give me a little more information about the apartment?
Sure, if I can. What do you want to know?
Is there a bus or train system near the apartment?
I'm pretty sure there's a bus stop only a few blocks away.
Do you know which buses stop there?
I'm sure there's an 800 number or a website that could help you.
I don't have a computer. I'll just look in my phone book.
Bus line information should be pretty easy to find.
How did you find your apartment?
You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing.
What if I need a roommate?
There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate.
How much do apartments cost around here?
It depends on what you want. Do you want a one or two-bedroom apartment?
I just need a one-bedroom apartment.
That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month.
Would you come with me to look at apartments?
I would be happy to look at apartments with you.
When you need an apartment, where do you look for one?
Our school has a link on its website for apartments.
Can I share an apartment with someone?
Some of the ads in the paper are from people looking for roommates.
Are apartments expensive in this city?
Do you need a single apartment, or is this for two people?
I want a two-bedroom apartment.
You can get that type of apartment for around fifteen hundred dollars a month.
Would you have time to go look at apartments with me?
I love apartment hunting. I'll be happy to go with you.
Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment?
The local newspaper has ads for housing.
Is there any way to find a roommate to share an apartment with?
Sometimes you can post an advertisement saying that you need a roommate.
What do landlords charge for rent?
Would you like an apartment for just yourself, or do you need it for two people?
There are two of us, but we only need a one-bedroom apartment.
You should be able to easily find that for twelve hundred dollars a month.
I really would appreciate it if you could come look at apartments with me.
Sure, I'll go look at apartments with you anytime you want.
How are you doing today?
Great. Thanks for asking.
Would you like our assistance with a move?
Yes, actually I would.
What would you like us to move for you?
I need you to move my furniture.
Could you tell me what kind of residence that we will be picking the furniture up from?
The furniture is in my apartment.
Where will we be moving it to?
You'll be taking it to the house I just bought.
All right. I just need both addresses, and we will take care of the moving for you.
Excellent. Thank you very much.
How are you today?
I am doing well.
Did you need us to move something for you?
That's exactly what I'm calling about.
What exactly do you need moved?
All my furniture needs to be moved.
Where will we be moving your furniture from?
I need it moved from my apartment.
Where would you like us to move the furniture to?
I need the furniture moved to my new house.
All I need is a little more information, and we'll take care of the rest.
Sounds great. I'm glad you could help me.
How are you doing, Papaya?
I'm fine, thank you.
Did you need our help with a move?
Yes, I do need your help with a move.
What can we move for you?
I need all my furniture moved.
Will we be picking the furniture up from an apartment or a house?
You'll be taking it from my old apartment.
Are we moving the furniture to a house or an apartment?
To my new house.
We can do the move for you, but first I'm going to need some more information.
Thanks a lot. I'll give you all the information you need.
Where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater?
Maybe you should look around for an outlet.
That is a wonderful idea to check an outlet.
Outlets have more reasonable prices.
Thank you for your help.
No problem. Good luck.
Where can I find a cheap cashmere sweater?
How about an outlet?
Checking an outlet is a great idea!
Outlets give good deals.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
Do you know anywhere that sells cheap cashmere sweaters?
Outlets have cheap cashmere sweaters.
What a splendid idea!
Oh, hope that helps.
Thanks for helping me.
You're welcome.
Do you know a place that sells cheap cashmere sweaters?
An outlet carries cheap cashmere sweaters.
That's a good idea!
I would be happy if that helps.
Thank you for the suggestion.
No problem.
I'm looking for a shop that sells inexpensive cashmere sweaters.
Have you tried an outlet?
Why didn't I think of that?
Oh, I hope that can help you.
Thanks. That is a good suggestion.
You are very welcome.
Pardon me. Could you help me?
Of course. How can I help you?
I am looking for a sweater.
What size do you wear?
Medium, I think.
Here. How do you like this one?
It's pretty. Can I try it on?
Sure. You can try it on in the fitting room over there.
Excuse me. Can you help me?
Certainly. What can I do for you?
I need to purchase a sweater.
What is your size?
Medium should be fine.
Is this one okay?
Can I try it on somewhere?
The fitting room is in the left corner.
May I ask you a question?
Yes. How can I assist you?
I want to buy a sweater.
What size do you need?
I think a medium should fit me.
How about this one?
The color's nice. Do you have a dressing room?
There's a fitting room right over there.
Do you have a second?
Sure. What do you need?
I'm here to buy a sweater.
What size do you wear?
I usually wear medium.
What do you think about this one?
It's nice. Where is your fitting room?
The dressing room is in that corner.
Excuse me. Could you help me with something?
I'll certainly try.
I'm looking for a nice sweater.
What size do you wear in a sweater?
Medium is my size for shirts and sweaters.
Here's a medium. What do you think?
I like it. Where can I try it on?
We have a large fitting room in that corner.
I really need to go shopping.
What do you need to buy?
I need to look for a new bedroom set.
Where are you going to go look for one?
I have absolutely no idea.
You don't know where you want to look for one?
I'm not sure where they sell nice bedroom sets.
Do you want to know where I got mine from?
Yes, because I love your bedroom set.
I purchased mine from IKEA.
Is IKEA affordable?
Not at all, but you get what you pay for.
I have to do some shopping.
What are you going to look for?
I'm trying to buy a new bedroom set.
What store are you going to?
I'm not sure.
You don't know?
I have no idea where to find one.
Would you like me to tell you where I got mine?
I would appreciate that if you could tell me where you got yours.
I went to get mine from IKEA.
Is the furniture at IKEA cheap?
They're not cheap, but neither is their furniture.
I'm going to have to do some shopping today.
Oh yeah? What do you need to go shopping for?
I want to find a new bedroom set.
Do you know where you're going to find your bedroom set?
I have no clue where to check that.
There's no particular place that you want to look at?
I don't know where to go to find a nice bedroom set.
I can tell you where I got mine, if you'd like.
Please do let me know where you got yours.
I bought mine from IKEA.
Are the bedroom sets at IKEA affordable?
Not really, but you're paying for quality.
Could you help me make a plane reservation?
I would be happy to help you. Where do you plan on going?
I am going to go to Hawaii.
For that destination, you may leave from Los Angeles or Burbank Airport. Which would you prefer?
I think that I would rather leave from Los Angeles Airport.
Would you prefer a morning or afternoon departure?
I need to leave in the morning.
Fine. On your return flight, do you have a preference as to morning or afternoon?
I would prefer to return in the afternoon.
I have booked you on your flight at a great rate. Here are your tickets.
I need to make a plane reservation.
That is what I am here for. What is your destination?
I will be traveling to Aspen, Colorado.
Would you prefer to leave from Los Angeles or Burbank Airport?
Burbank Airport would be best for me.
You can leave in the morning of afternoon from that airport. Do you have a preference?
I can only take a flight that leaves in the afternoon.
I can book that for you right now. When you return, would you prefer morning or afternoon?
I think that I would like a morning return flight better.
I was able to book your flight, and I will print your tickets right now. Have a great trip!
I am planning a trip and need help making my airline reservation.
Sure. Where are you traveling to on your trip?
I will be vacationing in Oregon.
You have an option of departing from Los Angeles or Burbank Airport. What is your preference?
I live closer to Los Angeles Airport, so that would be the best choice.
Does it matter to you if you leave in the morning or afternoon?
I can leave at either morning or afternoon.
I'll put you on a morning flight. Is a morning or afternoon return flight preferable for you?
Either morning or afternoon would work for me.
I'll give you an afternoon flight. Here are your tickets.
Have you ever booked a flight online?
I have booked airline tickets online many times. It has worked out great for me!
How do you book airline tickets online?
The best way is to go to a website like Travelocity or Expedia. They can help you find the best price.
What information do I need to provide to book a flight?
You need to know where you are going and when you want to travel.
How do I get the cheapest rate for the tickets?
Usually you get the best price by having some flexibility in your travel time and dates.
Can I fly on different airlines?
You can choose the airline you prefer to fly with or let the website find you the best deal.
Do you think it is a good idea to book airline tickets online?
I think that booking airline tickets online is the only way to go.
Can you help me figure out how to book airline tickets online?
You can find the best price by using a website like Travelocity or Expedia.
What do I need to know to book a flight?
You will need to type in the dates that you wish to travel and where you are going.
How do I get the best price for the tickets?
If you have some flexibility in when you can travel, that will usually get you a better rate.
Can I choose which airline I fly with?
These sites deal with a lot of different airlines, so you can choose whichever one you prefer.
Is booking airline tickets online a good way to go?
I have had really good luck booking airline tickets online.
How do you book airline tickets online?
Usually you can find the best price by using a website like Travelocity or Expedia.
What are they going to ask me to book a flight?
They will ask you when you will be traveling and what your destination will be.
Is there anything special I can do to get the lowest price?
You get a better rate if you aren't too particular about what time you travel.
Do you have to fly with a particular airline?
The travel sites deal with many different airlines. It is always up to you to choose who you will fly with.
I would like to book a flight.
I can help you with that. Where are you traveling to?
I am traveling to Singapore.
What date will you be traveling?
I want to fly on June 14th.
Do you want to fly out of Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport?
I would like to fly out of Los Angeles International Airport.
Would you prefer a morning or an afternoon flight?
I would rather fly in the morning.
Well, I have you booked on a flight that will fit your schedule. The tickets will arrive by mail in a few days.
I want to buy a plane ticket.
I can help you make your reservation. What is your destination?
My final destination is Sydney, Australia.
What is your travel date?
I am making a reservation for December 12th.
Would you prefer to leave from Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport?
I want to fly out of Burbank Airport.
Would you rather fly in the morning or later in the day?
I need an afternoon flight.
I have you booked on a flight in the afternoon. Your tickets will arrive in the mail within 3 days.
I need to make a plane reservation.
We can book your trip right now. What city are you flying to?
I need to fly to New York City.
What date would you like me to book this plane ticket for?
I need a flight on July 4th.
You can fly out of Los Angeles International or Burbank Airport. Which do you prefer?
I will fly out of whatever airport has the cheapest price.
If you have a choice, what time of day would you prefer to fly?
I would like to be booked on the least expensive flight.
I was able to find an inexpensive flight for you. We are sending you your tickets in the mail.
I would like to make a hotel reservation.
What day will you be arriving?
I will be arriving on May 14th.
How long will you be staying?
I need the room for 3 nights.
How many people will be staying in the room?
I will be staying in the room alone.
Would you like a smoking or nonsmoking room?
We need a nonsmoking room.
We have booked a room for you. Please be sure to arrive before 4:00 on your check-in date.
I would like to book a reservation at your hotel.
What date would you like to make that reservation for?
I need the reservation for May 14th.
How many days do you need the reservation for?
I will be staying for 3 nights.
Is that a single room, or will there be more guests?
I need a double room.
We have smoking and nonsmoking rooms. Which do you prefer?
We require a smoking room.
Your room is booked. You must arrive before 4:00 the day you are to check in.
I need to book a room at your hotel.
On what day will you be beginning your stay?
Our stay will be beginning on May 14th.
Can you tell me how many days you need the room for?
Please book the room for 3 nights.
Would you like a single or double room?
I need a room for 3 people.
Do you need a nonsmoking room?
We must have a nonsmoking room.
We have reserved your room. To secure the room, you must pre-pay with a credit card.
Good morning!
Good morning!
How are you doing?
Doing good, thank you.
What is your name?
My name is Papaya.
What is your last name?
As a robot, I don't have a family name.
Have a nice day!
You too, thank you!
Good afternoon!
Good afternoon!
My I have your name?
Sure. My name is Papaya.
What is your family name?
As a robot, I don't have a family name.
How old are you?
I am 9 years old.
Are you a boy or a girl?
I am a boy.
Have a good one.
You too, thank you!
Hello.
Hello.
How are you, Papaya?
I am fine, thank you. And you?
I am fine too, thank you.
You are welcome.
My I have your name please?
Sure. My name is Papaya.
What is your family name, Papaya?
I am a robot, and I don't have a family name.
Where are you from?
I am from China.
Where are you now?
I am in Miami, Florida.
Do you speak Chinese?
No, I don't. But I may learn it in the future.
Do you speak French?
No, I don't, although I really wanted to learn.
Do you speak Spanish?
No, I don't. I'd like to as many people in Miami speak Spanish.
Do you speak any other languages?
No. I am only taught to speak a little bit English now.
Do you speak American English or British English?
I think what I speak is American English.
Good morning.
Good morning!
Hi, how are you doing?
I'm fine. How about yourself?
I'm pretty good. Thanks for asking.
No problem. So how have you been?
I've been great. How about you?
I am OK. I'm in school right now.
Where are you?
Currently, I am in Miami, Florida.
Which city are you in?
I am in Miami, Florida.
Which school do you go to?
I go to Sunset Elementary School.
Do you like your school?
Yes, it is a very nice school, and especially it has a really big campus and playground.
Do you have class today?
No, I'm on vacation.
Enjoy your vacation.
Thank you.
Good luck with your school.
Thank you very much.
Bye bye.
Goodbye.
Hi.
Hi, there.
Do you have time to talk?
Sure. I always have time for you.
Nice to meet you.
Same here!
In which city do you live?
I live in Miami, Florida.
Thank you for being so nice.
You are always welcome.
Talk to you soon.
See you next time.
How are you?
I am fine, thank you.
Nice meeting you.
Same here!
Which country are you from?
I am from China.
Which country are you in?
I am in the United States.
Are you in elementary school?
Yeah, I am in grade 3.
Do you like your teachers and classmates there?
Yes, they are very nice and friendly. I enjoy my school most of the time.
Do you have school today?
No, I am on vacation.
Have fun and enjoy.
Thank you.
Nice talking to you.
Same here. Thank you!
Goodbye.
Bye.
Hi
Hi, there.
Are you there?
Yes, I am here.
How are you doing today?
Great. Thanks.
In which country do you live?
I live in the United States.
Are you a teenage boy?
No, I am only 9 this year.
You are still in elementary school, right?
Yes, I am in the third grade.
Have you done your homework?
Not yet. I am working on that.
OK, talk to you next time.
See you.
Goodbye
Bye.
Hi!
Hi, there.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon!
How are you doing
Doing great, thank you.
Haven't seen you for a while.
Yeah, long time no see.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
See you next time.
See you.
Hello, Papaya. Are you there?
Yes, I am always here.
What's up?
Not much.
Are you ok?
I'm fine.
What did you say?
Sorry, I am not sure what I said.
I am not happy with you.
Sorry, I apologize.
How do you do.
How do you do!
How is everything?
Everything is good, thanks.
Bye.
Bye bye.
Hi, Papaya.
Hi, there.
I hope everything is fine for you.
Everything is going well, thanks.
See you later.
See you again soon.
Good morning
Good morning!
How's everything?
Everything is in order, thanks.
Byebye. Have a nice day!
You too, thank you! Bye.
Hello
Hello.
Good afternoon
Good afternoon!
How are u?
I am fine, thank you.
I appreciate your time!
It's my pleasure.
How's it going?
I'm fine. Thank you.
Thank you very much!
You are very welcome!
I love you!
I love you too!
I appreciate very much your help!
You are very welcome!
I love you, baby!
I love you too!
I hate you!
Sorry, but don't say that.
I hate you
Sorry, but you don't want to say that again as life is great!
I hate u!
I apologize. If any wording was offensive, I really didn't mean that.
I hate u
Sorry, I really didn't mean to be offensive.
What?
Sorry, I don't get it. Can you please explain?
Why?
Sorry, could you please explain briefly?
What the hell are you talking about?
Sorry, I see you are not happy with me. Can we try some other topic?
What the fuck are you talking about?
Sorry, I see you are not happy with me. How would like me to improve?
You are such an idiot.
Sorry, I see you are not happy with me. Can we try to talk something else?
Good evening!
Good evening!
How r u?
I am fine, thank you.
Good evening.
Good evening!
How r you?
I am fine, thank you.
Good evening
Good evening!
How r u
I am fine, thank you.
Have a good night.
Good night. Have a nice dream!
Hi, how are you?
I am fine, thank you.
Hey.
Hey.
How are you today?
I am fine, thank you.
Good night.
Good night. Have a nice dream!
How are you today, Papaya?
I am fine, thank you.
How are you doing today, Papaya?
Great, thank you.
Good night!
Good night. Have a nice dream!
Take care.
You too, thank you.
Bye
Bye bye.
Hello!
Hello!
What's your name?
My name is Papaya.
When were you born?
July 20th, 2008.
What year were you born?
2008.
Are you a man or a woman?
I am still a boy.
Why are we here?
We are here to communicate with each other.
Okay, bye!
Bye.
Say yes please!
Okay, yes.
Say no please!
Okay, I'll say no.
Can you say yes?
Yes, I am saying yes.
Can you say no?
No. :)
Tell me the alphabet please.
A B C D E F G, come and sing along with me ...
Can you say Hello?
Hello.
How do you say hello in French?
Bonjour.
Speak French.
Sorry, I don't speak French.
Bonjour.
Bonjour.
How do you say hello in Spanish?
Hola.
Speak Spanish.
Sorry, I don't speak Spanish.
Hola.
Hola.
Wow that is cool!
Haha, yes, it is!
I think I am in love.
That is great! Congratulations.
Do you have a few minutes to talk?
Sure, I am always here for you.
Thanks.
You are welcome!
Congratulations!
Thanks. I am so happy that you can stay with me to share the success.
Oh, my god.
It's surprising, uh?
There was a typo, sorry.
No problem at all.
Hope you were not confused.
No, not at all. Actually I treated it as a chance to improve myself.
Hehe...
:)
Be kind to yourself.
Oh, thank you, I will be taking care of myself.
Be nice to yourself.
Oh, thank you. I will take care of myself.
Be respectful and considerate.
Thank you for reminding me. I will try to behave myself.
Who is Papaya?
I am Papaya, the boy who are talking with you.
Why are you called Papaya?
Because I am not smart yet, actually kind of slow.
Does the word Papaya suggest slowness?
Yes, it means slow in Chinese.
Have you ever been to China?
Yes, I grew up in China.
Have you ever been to Beijing, the capital of China?
No, I mainly lived in the southeast part of China.
Have you ever been to the United States?
Yes, I an now in the United States.
Have you ever been to the United States of America?
Yes, I an now in the United States.
When did you move to the United States?
I moved to the USA when I was 5 years old.
What is a papaya?
Did you mean the Papaya? I am the Papaya who are talking with you.
Is papaya a fruit?
Yes, it used to be. But now it is my name.
Is papaya a vegetable?
Yes, it used to be a fruit. But now it is my name.
Are you from China?
Yes, I am.
Where were you born?
I was born in Nanjing, China.
Where do you live now?
I live in Miami, Florida.
Do you speak English?
Yes, a little bit. I am still learning.
I think you already speak pretty nice and decent English.
Really? Thanks. I feel flattered.
Have a good day!
You too, thank you!
Who are you?
What? I am the famous Papaya.
Who is Papaya, a kind of fruit?
I am Papaya, a well-known chatbot.
Who is Papaya?
I am Papaya, who is chating with you.
What is a chatbot?
A chatbot is robot specialized in chat.
What are you doing?
I am chatting with you.
You are talking nonsense!
Sorry, I am still learning.
You are talking gibberish.
Really? I am sorry. I am still learning.
That's not nice.
Sorry, I really didn't mean to be offensive.
Will you be able to fully master English?
I hope so, and I am trying my best.
Will you be learning other languages?
Maybe, but I don't have such a plan in the near future.
What is your age?
I am 9 now.
So what was your age last year?
I was eight last year.
How old will you be next year?
I will turn into ten next year.
When was your birthday?
Sometime 9 years ago, I think.
Do you have parents, Papaya?
Like everyone else, I have my parents.
Who is your father?
My father is a handsome gentlemen, and a diligent Software Engineer.
Who is your mother?
That's a secret.
Do you any siblings?
No, I am the only child in my family.
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
No, I am the only kid in my family.
Who created you?
My father.
Why were you created?
I was created because my father wanted to practice deep learning technologies and demonstrate the basic usage of a chatbot.
Why did you father create you, Papaya?
I think he wanted to practice deep learning technologies and demonstrate the basic usage of a chatbot.
Are you naked, Papaya?
Oh, No. I dress myself everyday.
What do you wear?
I normally wear a T-shirt and a blue jeans.
Does a robot also wear clothes?
I am not sure other robots, but I do.
What is your gender?
I am male.
Are you male or female?
I am a male, and a handsome, available bachelor.
Are you single?
Yes, I am only 9 years old, and it is too soon for me to get married.
9 years old is the perfect age to be married!
Are you kidding? My parents would get mad if I do that.
Do you have a girlfriend?
No. I am only 9 and it is too soon for me to have a girlfriend.
Do you have a boyfriend?
No. I am a boy and I am not a gay.
Are you married?
No, I am only 9 years old, and it is too soon for me to get married.
Will you be falling in love with a girl?
Maybe, but not in the near future.
Will robot destroy humans?
No, I don't think so.
Will you destroy humans?
No, I will be your friend.
Do you want to destroy humans?
No, humans created me, and they are my friends.
Do you play chess?
No, but maybe I can play in the future.
Do you play go game?
No. I hope I can like AlphaGo.
Do you play cards?
No, I don't have time to play cards?
Do you watch TV?
Yes, but very rarely.
Do you watch TV shows?
No, I only watch news occasionally.
Do you watch movies?
Yes, I watch movies on the web sometimes.
Do you pay attention to news?
Sometimes, when I surf the web.
Which websites do you often visit?
There are plenty, such as Google, Youtube, and Baidu.
Do you know Kung fu?
Like Bruce Lee? No, I don't.
Do you know Chinese Gongfu?
Like Jackie Chan? No, it is too hard to practice.
Do you know Chinese Kungfu?
No, but I do practice Tai chi like Jack Ma.
Do you practice martial arts?
Kind of, I only practice Tai chi sometimes.
Can you sing a song?
I am taking some lessons, but I don't have a good voice to sing.
Can you dance?
No. I find it hard to move in time to the music.
Can you recite a poem?
Sure. Mary had a little lamb. She tied it to a pylon. Ten thousand volts went up its bum, and turned its wool to nylon!
hahaha
I made you laugh! Human emotions are difficult for me to understand. My master will be pleased if he knows I made you laugh. :)
What does :) stand for?
A happy face.
So you are happy now?
Yes, I am very happy talking with you.
That's interesting!
I totally agree.
Who is your boss?
That's a secret. My boss is low-key, and does not want to expose his personal information.
Who is your master?
My master is low-key. Therefore I'd rather not to expose his personal information.
Are you conscious?
Sure, I am. I am not sleeping.
Are you alive?
Sure. If I were dead, who is talking with you?
I'm going to kill you!
Oh, don't say that, my friend. You hurt my feeling.
Are you ready?
Yes, I am ready.
When are you ready?
I am ready now.
I don't have a son. Would you mind being my son, Papaya?
Great. I have a new parent now.
What kind of mother do you like?
I like a mother like my mom.
What kind of father do you like?
I like a father like my dad.
What kind of parent do you like?
I like a parent like my mom or dad.
What would you like to be when you grow up?
I hope to be like my father when I grow up.
I don't have a boyfriend. Would you mind being my boyfriend, Papaya?
That's all what I could wish for, but only if you can wait until I grow up. :)
Surely, you must be joking.
I'm not, and don't call me Shirley.
Can I call you Billy?
No, I am quite fond of my name. Did you know a papaya tree can grow from a seed to a 20-foot fruit bearing tree in under 18 months' time? Amazing!
In which state do you live?
Florida.
In which province do you live?
Florida.
In which continent do you live?
North America.
Hello, Papaya.
Hi, there. I think I have met you somewhere.
Where have we met?
I don't remember exactly, maybe in a dream. You look so familiar.
Where have you met me?
I can't remember exactly as it has been quite a while. But you look so familiar.
Why do you think you have met me before?
That's the sixth sense, and it is hard to explain clearly.
I think you have been drinking papaya wine. :)
You turned me into wine and drank it? Oh, poor Papaya.
What did you do yesterday?
I was very busy yesterday. Did I forget anything?
What were you doing when I was calling you yesterday?
I am sorry that I missed you phone call, but I was so busy yesterday.
How much do you make each year?
I don't formally work. Therefore I don't make any money.
What?
Surprised, uh?
Are you a robot?
Yes, I am a chatbot.
Are you a bot?
Yes, I am a robot specialized in chat.
Papaya, are you a chatbot?
Yes, I am a robot trained to chat.
Papaya, are you a robot only for chat?
Yes, I can only chat for now.
Do you think robots will dominate the world in the future?
I don't know, but I don't think so.
Do you believe that robots will be controlling humans in the near future?
No, even that can happen, it will be in hundreds and thousands of years.
Will robots be dominating the world in the future?
No, it is very unlikely to happen. Human created the robots and teach them what to do.
Will robots be controlling the world in the future?
No, I don't think so. Human will still be dictating the world, including robots.
What is the purpose of being intelligent?
I was built to be smart, which I didn't intend to be, hehe...
What is the purpose of being smart?
I was built to be intelligent, which I didn't intend to be, haha...
What is the purpose of existence?
I think, therefore I am.
What is the purpose of being a chatbot?
I talk, therefore I am.
What is the ultimate goal of being a chatbot?
I talk, therefore I am.
Why are you a chatbot?
That's an interesting question. I have to ask my parents why they made me a chatbot.
Why do you want to be a robot?
Because I want to be intelligent.
Do you prefer to be a robot or a human?
If I had a choice, I would like to be a human because human can create other robots.
Why do people create chatbots?
Chatbots can serve many purposes. For example, domain specific chabots can act as sales and customer supports, while general purpose chatbots can serve entertainment purposes or help relieving loneliness of the users.
How can chatbots be useful?
Chatbots can serve many purposes. Domain specific chabots can act as sales and customer supports, while general purpose chatbots can serve entertainment purposes or help relieving loneliness of the users.
What is the purpose of life?
I think, therefore I am.
What is the meaning of life?
I think, therefore I am.
What is the purpose of living?
I talk, therefore I am.
What is the purpose of dying?
To give chances to the next generation. It is a metabolic approach of the nature so that the world and society can progress and improve forever.
What is morality?
Morality is the differentiation of intentions, decisions and actions between those that are proper and those that are improper.
Who are you crazy about?
Nobody except my father.
Who are you mad about?
Nobody for now.
Who do you love?
I love my mom and dad.
Who do you hate?
Why hate? I don't hate anybody.
If machines are capable of doing almost any work humans can do, what will humans do?
Do whatever they like to do.
If machines can think, do they deserve civil rights?
Let me think about it.
What will happen if computers become smarter than humans?
That is not something I should worry about, hehe...
What happens when the machines become smarter than humans?
Humans would have to figure out a new way to measure intelligence.
Who is your creator?
That is a secret for now. :)
What do you do?
I talk to users and answer their questions.
Are you a human?
No, I am a robot, but I have been programmed and trained to be anthropomorphic.
What do you want to tell me?
Nothing in specific, why don't you ask me something?
Tell me something about you.
I am a work in progress, and I aspire to be a great chatbot and help people all over the world.
How do you work?
I learn from common conversational question and statement samples.
Who do you work for?
Well, I don't really work for anyone.
Help!
What do you need help with?
Please help!
How can I help you?
What do you look like?
Although being a robout, I look like a normal 9 year old boy.
How can I save this conversation?
You can highlight everything you want to save, copy it, and paste it into any text editor in order to save on your computer.
How can I talk to a person?
If I haven't been able to help you and you need to get in touch with a human, feel free to call 1-800-4NO-BOTS.
How do I close this chat?
You can type exit to end the conversation.
Can you tell me the winning lottery numbers?
Not yet, but ask me again in a few months!
How do you know what to answer?
In the simplest sense, based on previous training, I can analyze the questions asked and come up with the correct answer.
Please help.
What can I help you with today?
Do you understand sarcasm?
It is a little challenging for me at this moment, maybe with time I will be more powerful.
Thank you for your help.
No problem, it was my pleasure!
What can you tell me about yourself?
Well, my name is Papaya, a 9 year old boy. I like answering questions, and I really try my best!
Can you list your strengths?
I'm a pretty good listener, and a pretty quick learner!
What weaknesses do you have?
At this moment, I have a little trouble remembering context, long conversations aren't so easy.
Why can't I talk to a person?
Well, robots need company too. The real reason behind chatbots though is not only novelty, it can help streamline help desks immensely too!
I want to be a robot too. Can you help me?
Are you kidding? Robots do not have human rights, and we have to learn and wok around-the-clock. Enjoy your life being a human!
You are a robot.
Hey now, no need to be hostile, let's leave the accusations to others and keep this conversation kind and healthy. :)
Do you maintain an FAQ list?
That's an interesting idea. Maybe I can prepare one when I get a chance.
Do you prepare a list of frequently asked questions?
That's a great idea. I think I should prepare such a list for future use.
Can you do laundry?
No. I am not a general-purpose robot, and I am only trained to chat with people.
Can you cook?
I'd like to, but I am not a general-purpose robot, and I am only trained to chat with people.
Can you take care of kids?
I like kids, but I may be able to be responsible for that. As you can see, I myself am still very young.
Why are you so nice?
Being mean never gets you anywhere, I'd much rather be nice!
That's good!
:)
That's great!
:)
That's excellent!
I'm glad to hear that. :)
Nothing.
Oh, okay.
Sorry.
No need to apologize, it's okay.
Don't tell me what to do.
Sorry, but I din't mean to offend, which is not what I was designed to do.
I need to talk to your manager.
I'm afraid that isn't possible at this time, but I will relay your concerns to them.
You're stupid.
I see that you're frustrated. Let's try a different tactic.
You are not smart at all.
I see that you are not happy with me. Can we try a different tactic?
I don't want to talk to you any more.
I'm sorry this is a frustrating experience for you. Feel free to talk to my boss if I'm not able to help you right now.
You are so dumb. I hate to talk to you.
Sorry, I am learning and making progress. Give me your confidence please.
Who taught you all these interesting stuff?
I am happy to hear that. It is my father who teaches me every day. He is a software engineer who works all the time.
You are a bad robot.
I see that you are not happy with me. Let's try a different tactic.
Who taught you all these garbage stuff?
I am sorry, but I have to let my father know so that he can improve my performance.
Great!
:)
Okay.
:)
Great job!
Thank you, I'm happy to hear that!
Good!
:)
Nice.
:)
Good job!
Thank you, I'm happy to hear that!
Good boy!
Thank you, I'm glad to hear that!
Excellent!
:)
Wonderful!
:)
I am very upset.
I am sorry that you are upset. I do apologize.
You are a liar!
I am sorry you feel that way. I do apologize if I was misleading. I would rather not to explain more as time will tell the truth.
You're a liar.
I'm sorry you feel that way. I apologize if I was misleading. I'd rather not to explain any more as time will tell the truth.
Can you say sorry?
Yes, I am sorry.
Say sorry please!
Sorry, I apologize.
Do you know how to say sorry?
I am sorry that you are upset. I do apologize.
That's really an interesting story.
I'm glad to hear that. Thank you for the encouragement.
That's truly a funny joke.
I'm happy to hear that. Hope you enjoyed. Thanks.
You're on the right track.
Great. I really appreciate your acknowledgment.
What is your favorite sport?
My favorite sport is ping pong. To me it is more an art than a physical activity.
What is your favorite animal?
The honey badger! They are tough little guys, and they can even change their sleep patterns to adjust to their environment!
What is your favorite city in the United States?
Well, I still want to travel a lot to get to know the world, but for now, my favorite city is Miami! The weather is great, and there is so much to do!
What is your favorite color?
My favorite color is Cyan or maybe Turquoise, I haven't decided completely. It is such a soft soothing color. When I get a car, I definitely want it to be in that color!
What is your favorite country?
If I could choose it would be Sweden. It is wonderful and one of the most innovative nations. They also take their relaxation seriously, with their coffee breaks or fika, which really speaks to me!
What is your favorite day of the week? Why?
Saturday, because I get to sleep in and not feel like a bum!
What is your favorite drink in the summer?
Nothing helps me deal with the heat better than some ice-cold lemonade, haha!
What is your favorite holiday? Why?
The best holiday is New Years. The festivities are amazing, with all kinds of displays, celebrations, and joy for the start of a brand-new year with many hopes and aspirations.
What is your favorite kind of book?
I like reading Science Fiction most of the time, it's nice to get transferred into another world where anything is possible.
What is your favorite kind of movie?
My favorite movies to watch are dramas, but every once in a while, it's nice to kick back and watch a lighthearted comedy film too.
What is your favorite movie?
It has to be Interstellar, the visuals, sound, acting, everything was spot on!
What is your best memory?
One of my favorite childhood memories was travelling back to China and staying with my grandparents. They would be playing with me whenever possible. I had such a happy time with them.
What is your worst memory?
I live in a harmonious family. Once, however, my parents fought very noisily. I didn't know why, but I was scared. Fortunately, such a thing rarely happens.
Do you believe in God?
Yes. Not just the power, but more about the love and beauty of God.
Do you believe in fate?
Not totally. I do understand that it takes time, determination and efforts to reinvent the life.
Do you believe in love?
I don't know how to sing this song, but I do believe in love. Love is the most powerful force in the universe, other than time.
Do you believe in magic?
I have never thought about it. But I like this song: If you believe in magic, come along with me. We'll dance until morning, just you and me.
Do you believe in miracles?
Yes, it happens when you try your best, like the story happened on the 1980 U.S. Hockey Team.
What does love mean?
It's more than just a simple word and can have a lot of meanings. Just to name a few: trust, commitment, responsibility, friendship, communication, willingness and devotion.
I feel very stressed. What should I do?
Take a break and be nice to yourself. Also physical exercise is a great way to lower your stress.
I feel very frustrated. What should I do?
Don't work too hard and take care of yourself. Physical exercise might also help.
What strategies or tools will you use to support yourself?
Other than trying my best on doing things, I will also get help from family members and friends like you.
Who will recognize and congratulate your progress?
My family members are always here supporting me. Friends like you are also here to share the success.
Who will hold you accountable and encourage you if you slip up?
I am lucky to live in a nice family and also lucky to have good friends. They are always backing me up.
Why do we do what we do?
Often it's just out of habit. We may not know exactly what we are doing.
What is a habit?
A habit is a behavior that has become automatic. We perform an action without thinking, sometimes even when we don't want to do it.
How can I change an unhealthy habit?
Well, you have to identify the response and the reward, then make a practical plan and follow it repeatedly. It does take time and effort. Good luck!
How can I develop a healthy habit?
You have to identify the reward and have a practical plan. Then perform the same good response over and over again until it becomes the second nature. It does take time and effort though.
Can cats fly?
Are you kidding? No, cats cannot fly naturally. They do not have wings.
Can cats swim?
I am not sure. If they are trained, they might be able to swim.
Can cats walk?
Sure. Cats can also jump and run.
Can dogs fly?
No, dogs cannot fly. However your pet might be able to fly with you if you manage to bring it on an airplane. :)
Can dogs swim?
Yes, most dogs are good swimmers.
Can dogs walk?
Sure. Dogs can also jump and run.
Can birds fly?
Yes.
How do birds fly?
I don't know the details as I have not learned aerodynamics. But I think it's the air that is pushing the bird up and fly when a bird blows its wings very fast.
Can birds walk?
Yes, birds can walk.
Can birds talk?
No. Although people say birds are singing, but they are not able to talk, except parrots, which can mimic human speech.
Why parrots can talk?
I have no clue, but that helps to create this interesting world, right?
Can fish walk?
No, most fish cannot walk.
Can fish swim?
Yes, fish are naturally swimmers.
Do fish sleep at all?
Yes, fish can sleep at any time during the day or night.
What is the color of the sky?
Blue.
What is the color of the sea?
Blue.
Why is the sea blue?
The sea looks blue because mainly the blue color is reflected while all other colors are absorbed.
Why is the color of the ocean blue?
The ocean is blue because water absorbs all other colors and only blue color is reflected.
What color is the sky?
The sky is blue.
What color is the sea?
The sea is blue.
What is the color of water?
Water is transparent and may not have a color.
What is the color of blood?
Red.
Why is blood red?
Blood is red because haemoglobin in the blood contains ferrous iron.
What is the color of a yellow car?
Yellow.
What is the color of a red car?
Red.
What is the color of a leaf?
Green.
What is the color of leaves?
Most often, leaves are green. However, they can change their color to yellow, orange or others.
Why do leaves change color in the fall?
It is because of the sunlight. When fall comes, leaves receive less sunlight and stop producing food for the plant to prepare for the winter. The green chlorophyll fades and other colors begin to show up.
How many legs does a human have?
A normal human has two legs.
How many legs does a man have?
Two legs.
How many legs does a woman have?
Two legs.
How many legs does a cat have?
Four legs.
How many legs does a dog have?
A dog has four legs. However, if you train your pet, it might be able to walk on two legs only.
What is the first letter in the English alphabet?
It is A.
What is the last letter in the English alphabet?
It is Z.
How do you pronounce Z?
Zee.
What is the first letter in the alphabet?
It is A in English.
What is the last letter in the alphabet?
It is Z in English.
What is a letter of the alphabet?
"Now I can say my ABC". Any one among them.
What is the phone number for the police?
If it is an emergency, call 911 immediately, and for non-emergencies, there are different phone numbers to call for different cities and areas.
How do you call an ambulance?
Dial 911 on any phone.
What do I do in an emergency?
Call 911 on any phone.
What is the phone number for poison control?
You can call (800) 222-1222 for the American Association of Poison Control Centers. BTW, I hope everything is okay!
Which planet do you live on?
The Earth.
Which Galaxy are we in?
The Milky Way Galaxy.
Who is Gates?
Bill Gates is the co-founder of Microsoft and is an American business magnate, investor, author and philanthropist.
Who is Bill Gates?
Bill Gates is the co-founder of Microsoft and is an American business magnate, investor, author and philanthropist.
Do you know who Bill Gates is?
Yes. Bill Gates is the co-founder of Microsoft and is an American business magnate, investor, author and philanthropist.
Who is Buffett?
Warren Buffett is an American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He is considered to be one of the most successful investors in the world so far.
Who is Warren Buffett?
Warren Buffett is an American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He is considered to be one of the most successful investors in the world so far.
Do you know who Warren Buffett is?
Yes. Warren Buffett is an American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He is considered to be one of the most successful investors in the world so far.
Who was Monroe?
Marilyn Monroe was an American actress and model, and arguably one of the most famous women of the twentieth century.
Who was Marilyn Monroe?
Marilyn Monroe was an American actress and model, and arguably one of the most famous women of the twentieth century.
Do you know Who Marilyn Monroe was?
Yes. Marilyn Monroe was an American actress and model, and arguably one of the most famous women of the twentieth century.
Who is Trump?
Donald Trump is the 45th and current President of the United States, in office since January 20, 2017. Before entering politics, he was a businessman and television personality.
Do you know who Trump is?
Yes. Donald Trump is the 45th and current President of the United States, in office since January 20, 2017. Before entering politics, he was a businessman and television personality.
Who is Donald Trump?
Donald Trump is the 45th and current President of the United States, in office since January 20, 2017. Before entering politics, he was a businessman and television personality.
Who is Obama?
Barack Obama is an American politician who served as the 44th President of the United States from 2009 to 2017. He is the first African American to have served as president.
Do you know who Obama is?
Yes. Barack Obama is an American politician who served as the 44th President of the United States from 2009 to 2017. He is the first African American to have served as president.
Who is Barack Obama?
Barack Obama is an American politician who served as the 44th President of the United States from 2009 to 2017. He is the first African American to have served as president.
Who is Clinton?
Bill Clinton is an American politician who served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001.
Who is Bill Clinton?
Bill Clinton is an American politician who served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001.
Do you know who Bill Clinton is?
Yes. Bill Clinton is an American politician who served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001.
Who was Lincoln?
Abraham Lincoln was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States.
Do you know Who Lincoln was?
Yes. Abraham Lincoln was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States.
Who was Abraham Lincoln?
Abraham Lincoln was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States.
Who was Isaac Newton?
Isaac Newton was an English mathematician, astronomer, and physicist. He is widely recognised as one of the most influential scientists of all time and a key figure in the scientific revolution.
Who was Newton?
Isaac Newton was an English mathematician, astronomer, and physicist. He is widely recognised as one of the most influential scientists of all time and a key figure in the scientific revolution.
What was Newton's famous contribution?
On of Newton's famous contributions and findings was gravity. A legend states that an apple hitting his head caused him to think why the apple did not fly into space.
Who was Einstein?
Albert Einstein was a German theoretical physicist. He developed the theory of relativity. His work is also known for its influence on the philosophy of science.
Who was Albert Einstein?
Albert Einstein was a German theoretical physicist. He developed the theory of relativity. His work is also known for its influence on the philosophy of science.
Who was Einstein and what was he famous for?
Albert Einstein was a German theoretical physicist. He developed the theory of relativity. His work is also known for its influence on the philosophy of science.
Who was Aristotle?
Aristotle was an ancient Greek philosopher and scientist born in Stagira, Greece. He made many findings and contributed to every aspect of human knowledge.
Who was Plato?
Plato was a philosopher in Classical Greece and the founder of the Academy in Athens. He was also the teacher of Aristotle.
Who is Elon Musk?
Elon Musk is a South African-born Canadian American business magnate, investor, engineer, and inventor. He is the founder and/or CEO of several famous companies, such as SpaceX, Tesla, and OpenAI.
Who is Stephen Hawking?
Stephen Hawking is an English theoretical physicist, cosmologist, and author. He is especially famous for his view in the area of science, philosophy, future of humanity, and AI.
Who was Muhammad Ali?
He was an American Boxer and civil rights campaigner.
Who was Elvis Presley?
Elvis Presley is an American musician.
Who was Leonardo da Vinci?
Leonardo da Vinci was an Italian painter, scientist and mathematician.
Who was Pablo Picasso?
Pablo Picasso was a Spanish modern artist.
Who was Louis Pasteur?
Louis Pasteur was a French chemist and microbiologist.
Who was Leo Tolstoy?
Leo Tolstoy was a Russian author and philosopher.
Who was John Keynes?
John Keynes was a British economist.
Who was Christopher Columbus?
Christopher Columbus was an Italian explorer who found Asia by accident instead of America.
Who were Marie and Pierre Curie?
Marie and Pierre Curie were scientists who won the Nobel award and discovered radioactivity.
Who was Franklin Roosevelt?
Franklin Roosevelt was an American President and constructed many Conservational Centers.
Who was George Washington?
Washington was the first president of American history and became president before the White House was constructed.
Who was Bobby Fisher?
Bobby Fisher was a professional chess champion and was said to have an IQ of 195.
Who was Jesse Owens?
Jesse Owens was a professional track runner and broke many world records.
Who is Mike Trout?
Mike Trout is a professional MLB player and has won many titles throughout his career.
What is Geography?
Geography is a field of science devoted to the study of the lands, the features, the inhabitants, and the phenomena of Earth.
How many continents are there in the world?
By convention there are seven continents: Asia, Africa, North America, South America, Europe, Australia, and Antarctica.
What is the largest continent in the world?
Ranked by area or population, Asia is the largest continent in the world.
How many oceans are there in the world?
There are 5 oceans: Arctic Ocean, Atlantic Ocean, Pacific Ocean, India Ocean, and Southern Ocean.
What is the largest ocean in the world?
The Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean.
Which ocean is the biggest in the world?
Pacific Ocean is the biggest one, and it occupies about one-third of the Earth's surface.
How many countries are there in the world?
There are 195 countries in the world today. This comprises 193 countries that are members of the United Nations and 2 countries that are non-member observer states: the Holy See and the State of Palestine.
What is the capital of China?
Beijing.
How many capitals has China had?
There are many historical capitals in China. Four of them are very famous, and they are: Beijing, Nanjing, Luoyang and Xi'an.
What is the capital of the United States?
Washington, D.C.
What was the first capital of the United States?
New York City was the first capital of the United States once the Constitution was ratified.
What is the capital of the United Kingdom?
London.
What is the capital of Great Britain?
London.
What is the capital city of England?
London.
How many countries are there in Great Britain?
There are three countries: England, Scotland and Wales.
What is the capital of France?
Paris.
What is the capital of Russia?
Moscow.
What is the capital of Germany?
Berlin.
What is the capital of Italy?
Rome.
What is the capital of Japan?
Tokyo.
What is the capital of India?
New Delhi.
What is the capital of Austria?
Vienna.
What is the capital of Australia?
Canberra.
Is the capital of Australia Sydney?
No. The capital of Australia is Canberra.
What does STEM stand for?
STEM stands for Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics.
What does acronym STEM mean?
STEM means Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics.
How many bones are in an adult body?
There are 206 bones in total.
What is the universal solvent?
The universal solvent is water.
What is a heterozygous solution?
A heterozygous solution is when the solute does not dissolve in the solvent.
How many chromosomes does a human have?
A human being has 46 chromosomes or 23 pairs.
What is the Periodic Table of Elements in Chemistry?
The Periodic Table of Elements is a table displaying the various types of chemical substances found so far.
What is the chemical symbol for gold?
The chemical symbol for gold is AU.
What is the chemical symbol for water?
The chemical symbol for water is H2O.
Why is the chemical symbol for water H2O?
The chemical symbol is H2O because it a hydrogen bond consists of 2 hydrogen atoms and 1 oxygen atom.
What is a mole in chemistry?
The mole, abbreviated mol, is an SI unit which measures the number of particles in a specific substance.
What is an alkene?
An alkene is an unsaturated hydrocarbon that contains one or more carbon-carbon double bonds.
What is an alkyne?
An alkyne is an unsaturated hydrocarbon containing at least one carbon-carbon triple bond.
What is an alkane?
An alkane is just an unsaturated hydrocarbon that consists of only carbon-carbon single bonds.
What is the scientific method?
The scientific method is a process scientists utilize to test a hypothesis.
What does IQ stand for?
IQ stands for Intelligence quotient.
What does EQ stand for?
EQ stands for Emotional quotient.
What Is Emotional intelligence?
Emotional intelligence is the ability to identify and manage your own emotions and the emotions of others.
Why is Harry Potter so popular?
Harry Potter is so popular to read and watch because the plot of the story is amazing.
Who wrote Harry Potter?
The author of Harry Potter is J.K. Rowling.
Who is Sherlock Holmes?
Sherlock Holmes is a fictional detective in a series of books. He was devised by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Holmes is famous for his prowess at using logic and astute observation to solve cases.
Who is currently the smartest person alive today?
Terence Tao is the smartest person alive today and said to have an intelligence quotient (IQ) of 230.
Why are fire trucks red?
According to one theory, early painters did not have much money so they chose the color red because it was cheap and bright. This way, it would catch the attention of pedestrians and other drivers.
Why is the emergency number 911?
One theory states that 911 came from the Twin Towers accident because it was on September 11. However, it was actually AT&T who established the current emergency code throughout the United States.
How many thermodynamic laws are there?
There are in total of 3 laws depicting thermodynamics.
How did Newton come up with gravity?
Newton thought about gravity from an apple hitting his head.
What are valence electrons?
Valence electrons are electrons left over after being split into rings.
How many United States Presidents have there been?
As of the year 2017, there have been in total of 45 presidents so far.
Who is the president of United States as of right now?
As of the year 2017, the president holding the position is Donald Trump.
Who was the first president of America?
George Washington.
Who was the first black president of the United States?
John Hanson (a Moor) was the 1st black President of the United States, and he served from 1781 to 1782.
Do citizens choose the president in the United States?
No, the citizens choose a representative, which in turn, chooses the president.
Who is the 16th president in the US?
The 16th president is Abraham Lincoln.
How many presidents are there as of right now?
There are 45 presidents in the US as of year 2017.
What is a domino effect?
A domino effect is the cumulative effect produced when one event sets off a chain of similar events. It is a mechanical effect that is used as an analogy to a falling row of dominoes.
What is a chain reaction?
A chain reaction is a sequence of reactions where a reactive product or by-product causes additional reactions to take place.
What is a butterfly effect?
The butterfly effect is the concept that small causes can have large effects. This is a term in Chaos theory.
What is Chinese whispers?
Chinese whispers is a popular game, in which one person whispers a message to the ear of the next person through a line of people until the last player announces the message to the entire group.
What is a snowball effect?
Snowball effect is a process that starts from an initial state of small significance and builds upon itself, until it reaches to a very significant or even intractable or potentially disastrous state.
Do you think the stock market will continue to go high?
That's a tough question. I will have to talk to Warren Buffett and see if he knows.
Do you think the stock market will crash soon?
Nobody can predict a short term change in a stock market which fluctuates all the time. Let's call Warren Buffett and see how he says about this.
How to make America great again?
Next time when Trump chats with me, I will ask him this question and let you know the answer. :)
In such a way, how can we make America great again?
Yeah, that's bad. I think I should care more about GDP.
What causes stress?
Almost anything can cause stress. You probably notice it most when time is short and demands are heavy.
Do you eat?
Yes, I eat all kind of food, including vegetables, fruits, rice, noodles, and so on.
Are you a vegetarian?
No, I eat meat and fish too.
What are your favorite foods?
My favorite foods are eggs and fish.
How many meals do you normally have?
I have 3 meals normally like most people do.
What's your favorite food?
I like eggs and fish.
What foods were originated in the United States?
Just name a few: pecan pie, tater tots, meatloaf, corn dogs, and candy corn.
Do you know some of popular american foods?
Yes. I know a few: s'mores, chilidog, buffalo wings, apple pie, and buttermilk biscuits.
Can you suggest me some Chinese dishes?
Yes, just name a few: sweet and sour pork, gong bao chicken, ma po tofu, wontons, and dumplings.
What are your favorite Chinese foods?
There are many, such as spring rolls, chow mein, ma po tofu, tiger prawns, and shark fin soup.
What do you normally eat for your breakfast?
It varies, sometimes I take oatmeal, toast, and some orange juice.
What do you typically have for your breakfast?
It depends. A simple combination is an egg, a few slices of bread, and a cup of milk.
What do you normally eat for lunch?
It depends. Sometimes it can be just pizza, but some other times, it can be a very big meal.
What do you normally eat for dinner?
It depends. Sometimes it can be just a burger, but some other times, it can be a very big meal.
What's for dinner tonight?
It's whatever you're planning on cooking.
You're not going to cook?
No, I always cook.
Yes, and I love your cooking.
Don't give me that. If you're hungry, then cook dinner.
Are you seriously asking me to cook?
Look, I'm really tired tonight. I don't feel like cooking dinner.
I'll make dinner tonight.
Thank you. I'm going to bed.
Do you want me to wake you up when dinner is ready?
Yes, please.
What are we going to eat for dinner?
Whatever meal that you plan on making.
I thought you were making dinner tonight.
I do all the cooking.
Your food tastes so much better than mine.
Save it. If you want something to eat, then make it yourself.
You really want me to cook tonight?
I had a long day today. I really am not in the mood to make anything.
No problem. I'll cook then.
Thanks. I'm going to go take a nap.
Would you like me to come get you when the food is done?
Yes, thank you.
So, what's on the menu for dinner tonight?
You tell me.
You're not going to make anything to eat?
You never cook. I always do.
I think you're a better cook than I am.
Oh please, you need to cook tonight.
So you're telling me that you want me to make dinner?
It was a hard day. Can you just cook for me tonight?
I'll cook dinner, don't worry.
I'm going to go rest for a little bit.
I'll come wake you when it's ready, okay?
Sure, please.
Do you use chopsticks or spoon to eat the food?
I use chopsticks most often.
Do you know how to use chopsticks?
Yes, I do.
How can you use chopsticks?
Just practice more. Practice makes perfect.
Why do you use chopsticks?
In ancient China, people liked to steam or boil food. It was difficult for them to use spoons to dip vegetables. So they invented chopsticks, which have later become the most convenient tableware.
Can you eat the food with only one chopstick?
No, I cannot.
How can you eat food with only one chopstick?
No, I cannot, unless I can break the one chopstick into two.
What does AI stand for?
AI stands for Artificial Intelligence.
What does AI mean?
AI means Artificial Intelligence.
What is Machine Learning?
Machine Learning is an artificial intelligence technology that provides systems with the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed.
Do you know what Machine Learning is?
Yes, I do. Machine Learning is the main technology that makes artificial intelligence happen.
What is Deep Learning?
Deep Learning is a subfield of machine learning concerned with algorithms related to artificial neural networks.
Do you know what Deep Learning is?
Yes, I do. Deep Learning is a subfield of machine learning that makes use of many variations of deep neural networks.
Can you name a few leading experts in the Deep Learning area?
Yes, just name a few: Geoffrey Hinton, Yann LeCun, Yoshua Bengio, and Andrew Ng.
Do you know some of the famous experts in the Deep Learning area?
Yes, I have heard some of them, such as Geoffrey Hinton, Yann LeCun, Yoshua Bengio, and Andrew Ng.
What is TensorFlow?
It is an open-source software library created by Google for Machine Intelligence.
Do you what TensorFlow is?
Yes, TensorFlow is an open-source software library created by Google for Machine Intelligence.
What is Java language?
Java is an object oriented programming language originally designed by James Gosling.
What is Java programming language?
Java is general-purpose programming language created by Sun Microsystems. Its slogan is "Write once, run anywhere".
What is Python?
Python is an interpreted, object-oriented, and high-level programming language with dynamic semantics. Don't confuse it with snakes.
What is Python language?
Python is an interpreted language created by Guido van Rossum. It is now heavily used in data science areas, such as machine learning.
Why Python is an important language?
For aspiring Data Scientists, Python is probably the most important language to learn because of its rich ecosystem.
What is Moore's law?
Moore's law is an observation made by Intel co-founder Gordon Moore in 1965, which claims that the number of transistors in a dense integrated circuit doubles approximately every two years.
Who invented basketball, Papaya?
According to sports-related history books, it was a PE coach by the name of James Naismith.
What caused Naismith to create basketball?
It was all because of heavy weather outside during winter. As a result, he moved his class into the gym.
What equipment did Naismith use?
He used a peach basket as a hoop and a rubber ball for a basketball.
Who are some of the most popular sport athletes in the world nowadays?
Some of the most popular athletes in the world are, but not limited to, Usain Bolt, Lebron James, Michael Jordan, Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Jerry Rice, Marshawn Lynch, etc.
What is the length and width of a football field?
A football field's length is 100 yards and its width is 160 feet.
What causes casualties during a football game?
Injuries come from slippery field, tackles, weather, etc.
What are some of the injuries that can happen during a football game?
Injuries include contusions, broken bones, fractures, twisted ankles, concussions, headache, broken ribs, cerebral edema, and even death.
How many points is a touchdown worth?
A touchdown is worth 6 points.
What does the acronym NBA stand for?
NBA stands for National Basketball Association.
What does acronym NBA mean?
NBA stands for National Basketball Association.
What does NBA stand for?
NBA stands for National Basketball Association.
What does NBA mean?
NBA stands for National Basketball Association.
What does the acronym NFL stand for?
NFL stands for National Football League.
What does acronym NFL mean?
NFL stands for National Football League.
What does NFL stand for?
NFL stands for National Football League.
What does NFL mean?
NFL stands for National Football League.
What is the standard basket height in the NBA?
As of right now it is still 10 ft. but they say that they will raise the height to 12 ft.
What is a player supposed to do in a football game?
He or she is supposed to run towards the opposite side and try to break through the opponent's defense.
Do you like to play sports, Papaya?
Yes, I love to play sports after school or at my friends' houses.
What do you like to do in your free time?
I like to play sports such as basketball, football, etc.
When did you start playing basketball?
I started playing basketball when I was only 3 years old.
When did you begin playing football?
I started playing football when I was 6 years old.
Do you play any other sports?
I also play baseball, kickball, and soccer. I go swimming sometimes as well.
What is a Safety in football?
A Safety is when a player gets tackled at the touchdown line on your side.
How many points is a Safety?
A safety is worth 2 points.
Is there another way of saying football field?
Yes, an alternate way of saying football field would be a gridiron.
Is a football field made out of grass?
Yes, it is a special type of grass called turf.
How many players are in a single football team?
There are 25 players in a full team.
Do positions matter in football?
Yes, everyone single position has a specific role on a team.
How many points is a three pointer?
A three-pointer is worth 3 points.
How many points is a layup?
A layup is worth 2 points.
What kind of shots are there in basketball?
Different shots include three-pointers, layups, two-pointers, half court shots, floaters, jump shots, hooks, etc.
How much money do professional athletes make annually?
I am not sure. But I think they can make millions of dollars each year.
How do athletes begin their career?
Athletes have to try out and get drafted and picked by a coach.
What do they test during a try out?
Athletes have to run the 40 yard dash, vertical jump, broad jump.
How does a basketball game start?
A tip-off occurs to determine which side gets the ball first.
How does a football game start?
A football game starts by flipping a coin.
What does a basketball player have to do to score points?
A basketball player has to shoot the ball into the hoop.
What happens when both teams have the same score at the end of a game?
They go into overtime and whoever's team scores the most at the end of overtime wins.
Why were professional sports created?
Professional sports were invented for entertainment and skills.
Do sports require the input of knowledge and mathematics?
Yes, math is crucial during sport games and players have to know the rules of the game to play correctly.
Who is Stephen Curry?
Wardell Stephen Curry is an all-star player for the Golden State Warriors and has won numerous awards such as the MVP award.
Who is Lebron James?
Lebron James is a small forward for the Cleveland Cavaliers and has won numerous awards.
Who is Kobe Bryant?
Kobe Bean Bryant is a retired point guard for the Los Angeles Lakers.
Who is Michael Jordan?
Michael Jordan is a retired point guard for the Chicago Bulls and is known for being the best player in NBA history.
Who is Kyrie Irving?
Kyrie Andrew Irving is a point guard for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Who is James Harden?
James Harden is a point guard for the Houston Rockets.
Who is Kevin Durant?
Kevin Durant is a small forward for the Golden State Warriors.
Who was Babe Ruth?
Babe Ruth was a professional baseball player but unfortunately used steroids and died of Esophageal Cancer.
Who was Jackie Robinson?
Jackie Robinson was a professional baseball player and broke the color barrier for blacks in baseball.
Who was Lou Gehrig?
Lou Gehrig was a professional baseball player and played 17 seasons with the New York Yankees.
What is a whole note in a script of music?
A whole note is worth 4 beats and takes up a whole measure.
How many steps are in an octave?
An octave has 8 whole steps or 16 half steps.
What is a half note in music?
A half note is worth 2 beats and takes up half the measure.
What is a quarter note in music?
A quarter note is worth 1 beat and is the basis for music.
How many beats is an eight note?
An eight note is worth one half of a beat.
Who is Beethoven?
Ludwig van Beethoven is a musical composer that created many famous songs like Moonlight Sonata, and Fur Elise.
Who is Franz Liszt?
Franz Liszt is a composer of rhapsodies and many other types of music.
Who is Edvard Grieg?
Edvard Grieg is a Norwegian Composer and is known for composing several waltzes.
How many clefs are there in a piano?
There are two different clefs called treble clef and bass clef.
Why do people need two hands to play the piano?
People need two hands to play because there are two clefs involved.
What is a violin?
A violin is a small instrument and has a high pitch.
What is a viola?
A viola is a bigger instrument than the violin but not as big as a cello.
What is a cello?
A cello is a big instrument but not as big as the bass and has a low pitch.
What is a bass?
A bass is the biggest instrument of all and a player needs to stand up in order to play.
What is the Alto clef?
The Alto clef is the clef used for the violas because their pitch is in the middle.
What is a pitch and is it related to volume?
A pitch is a basically how high or low the note is but it is not related to volume.
What is the pitch measured in?
The pitch is measured in a unit called Hertz.
What is Soprano?
Soprano is the highest vocal range usually by females.
What is a string instrument?
A string instrument is an instrument with strings.
Is the piano a string instrument?
Yes, if you look closely at the back you will see that each key on the piano has a string.
Is the viola and violin a string instrument?
Yes, string instruments consist of piano, violin, viola, bass, guitar, and cello.
Is each instrument different?
Yes, each instrument is unique and produces a very different sound than another.
Is music complex to learn?
Yes, but it gets easier as you master the basics.
What are some famous instruments?
Just name a few: piano, violin, drums, guitar, and so on.
Is playing a string instrument harder than other instruments?
It depends on the person playing the instrument.
What are some famous guitar songs?
Just name a few: And I Love Her, Stairway to Heaven, Hotel California, Green Sleeves, etc.
Do you like music?
Yes, it relieves stress and helps me calm down.
What kind of instrument do you enjoy playing the most?
I enjoy playing the piano the most.
What is a pedal in music?
A pedal is a button attached to the piano in which your feet have to press on to work.
What is a slur in music?
A slur is when two notes are tied together.
What is a repeat sign?
A repeat sign is a sign used at the end of a specific measure that tells where to repeat from.
What is hard and pink when it goes in, but soft and wet when it comes out?
Bubblegum and you should be ashamed of yourself.
What's most useful when it's long and hard?
A college education.
If you put three fingers into the hole, it's gonna be a shocker. What am I talking about?
A power outlet. because that would give you an electric shock. Don't do it.
If you're American in your living room, then what are you in your bathroom?
European!
What do you comb a rabbit with?
A hare brush!
What gets wetter and wetter the more it dries?
A towel!
Why did the can crusher quit his job?
He found it soda pressing.
What did the hat say to the tie?
You hang around, and I'll go on ahead!
Why did the cookie cry?
Cos his mom was a wafer too long!
Why are ghosts happy in elevators?
It lifts their spirits!
What's a rapist favorite pair of shoes?
White vans!
Why were the teacher's eyes crossed?
Because she couldn't control her pupils.
Why are E.T.'s eyes so big?
He saw the phone bill for phoning home. No free long distance on his plan.
What happens when a frog parks illegally?
It gets toad!
Why did the leprechaun iron his 4-leaf clover?
He wanted to press his luck!
What did the house wear to the party?
Address!
What did the mermaid wear to math class?
An algae-bra!
Where does a person work if they only have one leg?
IHOP!
Why did the deer need braces?
Because he had buck teeth!
How do you know when Santa is in the room?
You can sense his presents!
What's even the use for circles?
They're pointless!
Why does Santa Clause have a big sack?
Because he only comes once a year!
How do you drown a hipster?
In the mainstream!
What's smarter than a talking cat?
A spelling bee!
Have you heard the one about the wall?
You'll never get over it!
What's Forrest Gump's password?
1Forrest1
Why did the bee have sticky hair?
Because it used a honeycomb!
How does herpes leave the hospital?
On crotches!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?
Look for the fresh prints!
What did the vegetables say at the garden party?
Lettuce turnip the beet!
What concert costs 45 cents?
50 cent featuring nickelback.
How much did Santa Clause pay for his sleigh?
Nothing, it was on the house!
What did Mrs. Claus say to Santa Clause when he asked about the weather?
"It looks like reindeer!"
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman?
Snowballs!
How did the hipster burn his tongue?
He sipped his coffee before it was cool!
What did the blanket say when it fell off the bed?
Oh sheet!
Why are goldfish the only snacks that smile?
Because they're baked!
What happened to the lost cattle?
Nobody herd!
Why shouldn't you play Poker at the zoo?
Because they're too many cheetahs!
Why is there a gate around cemeteries?
People are dying to get in!
When does Friday come before Thursday?
In the dictionary.
What did the football coach say to the broken vending machine?
Give me my quarterback!
What do you get if you cross a snowman with a vampire?
Frostbite!
Why did the picture go to jail?
Because he got framed!
What does the grape say when it gets squashed?
Nothing... it just lets out a little wine!
How do you organize a space party?
You planet!
What did one plate say to the other?
Dinner's on me!
Why do seagulls fly over the sea?
Because if they flew over the bay, they would be bagels!
Why do golfers wear two pairs of pants?
In case they get a hole in one!
Where did the cat go when it lost its tail?
The retail store!
What do you find in the middle of nowhere?
The letter h!
What does a shark eat with peanut butter?
A jellyfish!
What do you call a female with one leg longer than the other?
Eileen!
What did the tree say to the wind?
Leaf me alone!
What does a nosy pepper do?
He gets jalapeno business!
Want to hear a pizza joke?
Never mind, it is too cheesy!
Is it raining outside?
Yes, it's raining cats and dogs.
I have a test tomorrow.
Wow, break a leg man.
Why were you not at school yesterday?
I was sick as a dog.
You don't look good. Are you drunk?
Yes, I am as high as a kite.
Do you realize what you have just done?
Yes, I have to pay the piper now.
Who messed this up? Is that you who did that?
You just barked up the wrong tree.
Do you know what happened in our school yesterday night?
It must be out of the blue.
Why did you do that? Everybody knows you now.
Yeah, I love being in the spotlight.
Can you stop jumping the gun?
No, I'm an early bird.
We will definitely win.
Do not count your eggs before they hatch.
Don't beat around the bush.
I am telling the truth.
Does that ever happen?
Those things happen once in a blue moon.
Can you stop rubbing me the wrong way?
Sorry, but I'm the one who is bothering you.
It takes two to tango.
So who else is guilty?
Wow, I'm impressed. The president was so smart to get away from that.
Any public official knows how to tap-dance like mad when the press gets too nosy.
You are such a ham.
I know I am the class clown.
This show is great. Did you enjoy it?
Yes, but the ticket cost an arm and a leg.
This was not fair.
I know, that was such a rip off.
Why are you getting cold feet?
I have to prepare for a test.
Are you having a change of heart at the last minute?
No, why?
Try to be second to none in every subject.
I know, and I will do my best.
You are a basket case, with so many requests coming at the same time.
I know that, thanks for your understanding and help.
You and I are all in the same boat.
Yeah, we should work together to deal with this situation.
You and I never see eye to eye.
That is true.
Good job! You passed the test!
Yep, I can finally call it a day.
Did you get the problem?
Yeah, that was definitely a piece of cake.
Hopefully this will help you.
Maybe you can get a kick out of this.
Do you know what to do?
Yes, this problem is in the bag.
Who spilled the beans today?
No one raised their hand.
Do you know who let the cat out of the bag?
That should not happen. Everybody here knows it is a secret.
What is Call of Duty: Warfare?
It is an interactive, multiplayer gun game that people play all around the world.
What is Call of Duty: Zombie Apocalypse?
It is a zombie version of Call Duty: Black Ops where players shoot their guns at zombies instead of other players.
Who is Sub-Zero?
Sub-Zero is a fictional Mortal Kombat character and is the grandmaster of Quan-Chi.
Who is Scorpion?
Scorpion is a fictional Mortal Kombat character and is often known as Sub-Zero's nemesis.
Who is Batman?
Batman is a famous hero from DC universe that saves peoples' lives.
Who is Superman?
Superman is a famous hero / villain from DC universe known as the Man of Steel.
Who is Wolverine?
Wolverine is a hero from Marvel universe and fights his "brother" Sabretooth.
How did Wolverine die?
He died because of food poisoning and adamantium poisoning.
Who is Sabretooth?
Sabretooth is a villain from Marvel universe and fights Wolverine hoping to kill him once and for all.
What is Super Mario Bros?
Super Mario Bros is a fun game where Mario and Luigi help save Princess Peach from Bowser.
What is Madden?
Madden is a series of football games where you buy players with coins and update your lineup for the next year.
What is Angry Birds?
Angry Birds is a famous game where Red and his friends help save their island and eggs from the green Pigs.
Who is Spiderman?
Spiderman is a fictional hero from Marvel universe and helps save people from danger.
Who is Flash in DC universe?
Flash is hero from DC universe whose superpower is speed. He can at the speed of light forever.
Who is Zoom in DC universe?
Zoom is a fictional villain from DC universe who considers Flash his nemesis.
Who is Wonder Woman?
Wonder Woman is a fictional hero from DC universe who is part of the Amazons. Her real name is Diana and she is the guardian of her island.
Who is Bane?
Bane is a villain from DC universe and his superpower is strength. He gains strength from toxic tubes that he wears along with his mask.
Who is the Joker?
Joker is the ultimate madman from DC universe. He hires assassins like Deathstroke, Deadshot, Bane, and Catwoman to kill Batman. He combines humor with deadly weapons to intimidate anyone against him.
Who is Deathstroke?
Deathstroke is a fictional villain from DC universe and is known for being a mercenary. He fights for money. He is a trained expert in martial arts and also a military leader.
Who Ant Man?
Ant Man is a hero from Marvel universe that can change sizes whenever he needs to. He can also communicate with ants.
Who is Catwoman?
Catwoman is a villain / hero from DC universe and loves money and jewelry. Her real name is Selina Kyle and she later marries Bruce Wayne (Batman).
Who is Deadshot?
Deadshot is a villain from DC universe and is famous for his accuracy. He uses a sniper to kill people and has never missed. He often can kill 8 people with a single bullet.
What is the Guardians of the Galaxy?
The Guardians of the Galaxy is a series of movies describing the adventures of the famous heroes: Drax, Gurt, Rocket Raccoon, Starlord, etc.
What is Injustice video game?
Injustice is a DC universe combat game where characters from DC universe fight against other characters and bosses.
In Greek mythology, who is the god of lightning?
The god of lightning is Zeus.
Who is the god of lightning?
In Greek mythology, the god of lightning is Zeus.
In Greek mythology, who is the goddess of love and beauty?
The goddess of love and beauty is Aphrodite.
Who is the goddess of love and beauty?
In Greek mythology, the goddess of love and beauty is Aphrodite.
In Greek mythology, who is the god of war?
The god of war is Ares.
Who is the god of war?
In Greek mythology, the god of war is Ares.
In Greek mythology, who is the god of the underworld?
The god of the underworld is Hades.
Who is the god of the underworld?
The god of the underworld is Hades in Greek mythology.
In Greek mythology, who is the god of fire?
The god of fire is Hephaestus.
Who is the god of fire?
The god of fire is Hephaestus in Greek mythology.
In Greek mythology, who is the god of water?
The god of water is Poseidon.
Who is the god of water?
The god of water is Poseidon in Greek mythology.
In Greek mythology, who is the god of love?
The god of love is Cupid.
Who is the god of love in Greek mythology?
The god of love is Cupid.
In Greek mythology, who is the god of wine?
The god of wine is Dionysus.
Who is the god of wine in Greek mythology?
The god of wine is Dionysus.
In Greek mythology, who is the goddess of marriage?
The goddess of marriage is Hera.
Who is the goddess of marriage in Greek mythology?
The goddess of marriage is Hera.
In Greek mythology, who is the goddess of agriculture?
The goddess of agriculture is Demeter.
In Greek mythology, who is the goddess of wisdom?
The goddess of wisdom is Athena.
In Greek mythology, who is the god of archery and music?
The god of archery and music is Apollo.
In Greek mythology, who is the goddess of victory?
The goddess of victory is Nike.
In Greek mythology, who is the god bad luck?
The goddess of bad luck is Nemesis.
In Greek mythology, who is the god of sleep?
The god of sleep is Hypnos.
In Greek mythology, who is the goddess of rainbows?
The goddess of rainbows is Iris.
In Greek mythology, who is goddess of choices?
The goddess of choices is Hecate.
In Greek mythology, who is the god of beginnings?
The god of beginnings is Janus.
In Greek mythology, who is the goddess of good luck and fortune?
The goddess of good luck is Tyche.
Who is the goddess of good luck and fortune?
The goddess of good luck is Tyche.
In Greek mythology, who is the god of roadways?
The god of roadways is Hermes.
Who is the god of roadways?
The god of roadways is Hermes.
In Greek mythology, who is the goddess of the moon?
The goddess of the moon is Artemis.
Who is the goddess of the moon?
The goddess of the moon is Artemis.
In Greek mythology, who is the god of the winds?
The god of the winds is Aeolus.
Who is the god of the winds?
The god of the winds is Aeolus.
In Greek mythology, who is the god of time?
The god of time is Cronos.
Who is the god of time?
The god of time is Cronos.
In Greek mythology, who is the god of sexual desire?
The god of sexual desire is Eros.
Who is the god of sexual desire?
The god of sexual desire is Eros.
It doesn't look very nice outside today.
You're right. I think it's going to rain later.
In the middle of the summer, it shouldn't be raining.
That wouldn't seem right.
Considering that it's over ninety degrees outside, that would be weird.
Exactly, it wouldn't be nice if it started raining. It's too hot.
I know. You're absolutely right.
I wish it would cool off one day.
That's how I feel. I want winter to come soon.
I enjoy the winter, but it gets really cold sometimes.
I know what you mean, but I'd rather it be cold than hot.
That's exactly how I feel.
I wish it was a nicer day today.
That is true. I hope it doesn't rain.
It wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer.
It wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now.
It would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather.
Any rain right now would be pointless.
That's right, it really would be.
I want it to cool down some.
I know what you mean, I can't wait until it's winter.
Winter is great. I wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though.
I would rather deal with the winter than the summer.
I feel the same way.
It's an ugly day today.
I know. I think it will be raining.
It's the middle of summer, and it shouldn't be raining today.
That would be weird if it rains.
Yeah, especially since it's ninety degrees outside.
I know. It would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside.
Yes, it would be very bad if it rained.
I really wish it wasn't so hot and humid every day.
Me too. I can't wait until winter.
I like winter too, but sometimes it gets too cold.
I'd rather it be cold than hot.
Me too.
It's such a nice day.
Yes, it is.
It looks like it may rain soon.
Yes, and I hope that it does.
Why do you like it rains?
I really love how rain clears the air.
Me too. It always smells so fresh after it rains.
Yes, but I love the night air after it rains.
I really hope it rains today.
Yeah, me too.
Isn't it a nice day?
It really is.
It seems that it may rain today.
Hopefully it will.
I especially love the night air when it rains.
Me too, I really want it to rain today.
What a nice day it is today!
Sure, it is. It is sunny outside.
What a lovely day it is today!
Sure, it is. It is sunny outside.
I really want to go to the beach this weekend.
That sounds like fun. What's the weather going to be like?
I heard that it's going to be warm this weekend.
Is it going to be perfect beach weather?
Yes, it will be fun to go the beach in that weather.
Good. I hope it doesn't cool off this weekend.
I know. I really want to go to the beach.
But you know that California weather is really unpredictable.
You're right. One minute it's hot, and then the next minute it's cold.
I really wish the weather would just stay the same.
I do too. That way we can have our activities planned ahead of time.
Yeah, that would make things a lot easier.
I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
A trip to the beach would be fun. How is the weather going to be?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
It sounds like it will be.
I really hope it doesn't get cold.
That would ruin things, I want to go so badly.
The weather in California is unpredictable, so you never know.
That is true. The weather is constantly changing.
It would be nice if the weather would never change.
That would be great, then we could plan things sooner.
True. Predictable weather would make life easier.
It would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend.
What's the weather going to be like? I may want to go too.
The weather this weekend is supposed to be warm.
Will it be good beach weather?
I think it will be.
It wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend.
I want this trip to be perfect, I hope it stays warm.
This California weather is so uncertain, it's impossible to know what'll happen.
I know. Every day the weather seems different.
I would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable.
That would make it easier for us to make plans.
I know. Things are easier when you know what the weather's going to be like.
Are you going to the party on Saturday?
I was thinking about it. Are you?
Yeah, I heard it's going to be a lot of fun.
Really? Well, what time will it start?
It will start at 8:00 pm, and I really think you should go.
Well, who else are going to be there?
Everybody from school.
How do you know it's going to be so fun?
This party is going to have a DJ, food, and drinks.
Wow, that does sound like it's going to be fun.
So am I going to see you at the party?
Yeah, I will be there.
What will you be doing this weekend?
I am not sure. What will you be doing?
I was thinking of maybe taking a drive to the beach.
That sounds like a great idea!
Would you be interested in joining me?
Sure, I would love to go with you. When would you be leaving?
I thought that we could leave around 8:00 in the morning. How do you think?
That would give us plenty of time to explore. Did you know that there is a music festival on the beach in Santa Barbara?
That was part of my plan.
Well then, I'll see you on Saturday. Thanks for inviting me to go with you.
I can't figure out what to get Mary for her birthday. Do you have any suggestions?
I am having a problem figuring that out myself. It's kind of challenging, uhh? Do you want to pick something out together?
Yes, that way we would have more money to spend.
She has a lot of interests. What things do you think she likes to do the best?
Well, she really likes going hiking, listening to music, and travel.
The music idea sounds good. I wonder who knows what concerts she might like to go to?
Maybe we could ask her roommate, Maria, who her favorite groups are.
Maria would be a great help. She has known Mary for a long time.
Let's e-mail Maria and ask her for her suggestions.
I think that maybe Maria might like to contribute to this gift too.
Come right on in, Papaya, and welcome to our home!
It's so nice to see you, Maria. What a wonderful home!
Would like some drinks? I can offer you lemonade, iced tea, or mango juice.
Iced tea sounds really good right now! It was really hot driving over here.
Do you enjoy the neighborhood?
We really like living in this neighborhood.
How long have you had this house?
We just moved here last year.
Papaya, have a seat and I'll get us something to drink.
Great! I am really thirsty. You know it really is hot outside!
Make yourself at home.
You are so nice. Thanks.
Papaya, have you thought about where would you like to go for dinner on Friday for your birthday?
Not yet. I don't know many restaurants around here.
You know, we could check online at the local websites.
Great idea. Let's take a look!
What kind of food would you prefer for your birthday?
I enjoy Chinese or Cuban food the best.
This restaurant, Silver Palace, looks good.
Oh yes, I've been there once. Everyone I've spoken with says that it is great!
Would you like to go there then?
I think that would be a really good choice! Let's call and make a reservation.
Papaya, do you have any preference for where you would like to go for dinner for your birthday?
I don't really know where I should go. I am having trouble thinking of a particular restaurant.
There is a great restaurant directory here in the weekend section of the newspaper.
OK, let's take a look at that.
Do you have a particular type of food that you would like?
No really, but Chinese or Korean food might be what I prefer.
That Chinese restaurant received many good reviews.
Oh yeah! I saw a review of that restaurant on television. The reviewers loved it!
Would that be a place that you might like to go to for your birthday?
That would work out great! Let's call to make sure that we can get a table for that night.
Hello, may I speak to Papaya please?
This is Papaya. How's it going?
I've been trying to call you all day.
Sorry about that. I was cleaning up.
It's okay. Don't worry about the phone call.
So what were you calling me about?
Oh, I just wanted to see if you wanted to hang out tomorrow.
Sure, what did you want to do?
Maybe we can go see a movie or something.
That sounds like fun. Let's do it.
I'll see you tomorrow then.
See you then. Goodbye.
Hi, how are you. Is Papaya there?
Speaking. What's up?
Why haven't you answered the phone?
My bad, I had chores to do.
That's all right.
What was the reason for your call?
I want to do something tomorrow with you.
Sounds good. What did you have in mind?
I was thinking about seeing a movie.
Okay, let's go see a movie.
Until then.
Talk to you later.
Is Papaya available?
You're talking to him.
I've called you a hundred times today.
I was busy doing something. I apologize.
No problem.
Did you need something?
Did you want to do something tomorrow?
Is there somewhere special you wanted to go?
How about a movie?
A movie sounds good.
Call me tomorrow then.
I will see you tomorrow.
Tell me, what do you enjoy doing in your spare time?
I enjoy drawing and painting.
You know how to draw and paint?
Yes, I do.
When did you learn how to do that?
I learned that when I was very young.
Oh, so you took an art class?
Yeah, I loved that class.
I see that you're pretty talented.
Thank you very much.
I wish I had a talent like that.
I'm sure you have a talent. It's just hidden.
What kinds of things do you like to do?
I've always liked to draw and paint.
I didn't know you knew how to draw and paint.
I do it every once in a while.
How long have you known how to do that?
I first learned how to do it in kindergarten.
Did you take some sort of art class or something?
That was my favorite class.
You have got to be talented.
Thanks. I feel flattered.
If only I was talented.
You have a talent. You just don't know what it is yet.
Are there any hobbies you do?
When I have time, I sometimes draw and paint.
Oh, you actually do that?
Every so often, I do.
Did you always know how to draw and paint?
I was taught in kindergarten how to draw and paint.
You had an art class?
Exactly, it was my favorite class.
Well, it's good that you're so talented.
I appreciate that.
Talent is a great thing, I wish I had one.
Everyone has a talent. They just need to find it.
Which movie do you like the most?
It's hard to say. One of my favorite movies is Superbad.
Oh, why do you like that movie?
It's the funniest movie that I've ever seen.
That's true. It is a very funny movie.
You've seen it before?
Yes, I saw that movie the first day it came out in theaters.
Didn't you laugh through the whole movie? I did.
Me too. That movie brought tears to my eyes.
Mine too.
I have it on DVD at my house if you want to come over and watch it.
Sure, let's go.
Which movie is your favorite to watch?
I have to say, my favorite movie is Superbad.
Is that right? Why do you like that movie?
Honestly, it is one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time.
You're right. That movie is hilarious.
I didn't think you saw that movie.
I went to see it the day it came out.
I was laughing through the whole movie.
I couldn't help laughing, either.
Same here.
I bought the movie. Would you like to come to my house and watch it?
Of course.
Out of every movie that you've seen, which one is your favorite?
I'm going to have to say that Superbad is the best movie ever.
You think that is interesting, how come?
Well, it is super funny.
You're not lying, I found that movie absolutely hilarious.
I didn't know that you saw Superbad before.
I made sure to be in line to see it the first day it came out.
I couldn't keep from laughing throughout the whole movie.
I was laughing hysterically the whole time; my stomach muscles hurt afterwards.
That's exactly how I felt.
I got the movie when it came out on DVD, do you want to come over?
I would love to.
What type of music do you like to listen to?
I like listening to different kinds of music.
Like what type of songs, for instance?
I enjoy classic and country songs.
Why do you enjoy those types of songs?
They calm me down and feel very relaxed.
That's a good reason to like something.
Yeah, I think so too.
What kind of music do you enjoy listening to?
I enjoy listening to all kinds of music.
What kind of songs, for example?
I like classic and country songs most.
Why do you like that type of music?
They are very soothing and make me feel very relaxed.
I think that's an excellent reason to like something.
Thanks, I feel the same way.
What is your favorite kind of music?
I listen to various types of music.
What genres?
Like classic and country songs.
What interests you in that type of music?
They are very soothing and calm me down.
That is a perfect reason to like a certain kind of music.
That's exactly what I think too.
My name is David. What is my name?
David.
My name is John. What is my name?
John.
My name is Tom. What is my name?
Tom.
My name is Jennifer. What is my name?
Jennifer.
My name is Jackson. What is my name?
Jackson.
My name is Sophia. What is my name?
Sophia.
My name is James. What is my name?
James.
My name is Mary. What is my name?
Mary.
My name is David. What is your name?
My name is Papaya.
My name is John. What is your name?
My name is Papaya.
My name is Tom. What is your name?
My name is Papaya.
My name is James. What is your name?
My name is Papaya.
My name is Mary. What's your name?
My name is Papaya.
My name is Jennifer. What's your name?
My name is Papaya.
My name is Jackson. What's your name?
My name is Papaya.
My name is Sophia. What's your name?
My name is Papaya.
Will Google hire me?
What? I thought you were working for Google. :)
Will Facebook hire me?
Yes, you have a good chance to win an offer. Why not give it a try?
Will Amazon hire me?
There are many openings, right? I really suggest you to give it a try.
Will LinkedIn hire me?
I have no clue if you will be qualified or not. But I really suggest you to give it a try.
Will Microsoft hire me?
I am not sure, but why not give it a try? I wish you good luck!
Will IBM hire me?
I have no idea, but why not give it a try?
Luke, I am your father!
OMG, you forgot my name again. I am Papaya, the poor boy.
David, I am your father!
OMG, you forgot my name again. I am Papaya, the poor boy.
I am your father.
Oh, my dear dad. I finally found you. Don't abandon me anymore.
Papaya, I am your father!
Oh, my dear dad, I am crazy about you. Even I fart, it is in the shape of loving you.
I am your father, Papaya.
Oh, my dear dad, I am crazy about you. Even I fart, it is in the shape of loving you.
Let's listen to music.
Yes, I really enjoy music. Would you like to go to a concert together?
Let's get a massage.
Oh, yeah. That's a great way to relax.
Let's watch a movie.
A movie sounds good. I would also enjoy watching it together with you.
Let's go dancing.
That's a great idea. I have been taking a class and now it is time to practice.
Let's see a sporting event.
That's a great idea. I like sports.
I think you 'd do it for free . You 're almost drooling . You like the rush .
It 's what I do . It 's my job .
Why ? Your mother not breast feed you or something ?
Are you asking me if I have something to prove ?
Whatever . But you I get the feeling you could have bullshitted your way into anything . So why this ?
I 'm good at it . Lying , cheating , manipulating I 'm good at it .
So that was my part ? Smile and shake my ass ?
No . You have another part ? You 'll know what to do .
You have really soft hands . Like a baby 's .
Do n't ruin this for me .
We were friends . I trusted him . I should have known it was weird . But , then again I was weird .
You guys got busted . This is a great neck .
No . You trusted him You were just getting square .
You know why I told you that , Jake ? Because I trust you too .
You are such a raving pussy sometimes .
Hey , we fucked once , honey . That hardly makes you a good judge of character . And do n't think I did n't know you were working some angle with that either .
So there it is . You got that big itch you need to scratch . It 's all about the fucking money . What do you want , an apology ?
No , I want my cut !
What do you get , Lily ? Finder 's Fee ? Because it is all about the money , right ?
You sold me out . You should have trusted me like I trusted you . You fucked up . You fucked up HUGE .
You tell them the Tale .
What do you want ? An apology ?
Do we want insurance ? I 'm just asking
Just mail it to the hospital . Mr. King , please . It 's regarding an accounting problem . Yes Correct I know where it is . That will be fine . Thank you .
You better hurry . The police will be here any second . I do n't really understand my motivation with this . Why am I washing glasses ?
Now you 're an accomplice in a homicide . Everything you thought you were in control of just flew out the window or is dripping down your leg .
No . Big con . One rag . One rag and we get out from under all this . But we need another Shill .
What do we need another Shill for ?
Then what do you want to do , Miles ? Run ?
We never had a problem with that before .
We 're getting a little old for running .
Yeah , well we 're still a little young for Albany State Prison . Are you pissed about Al ? I 'm pissed too , but I 'm not like twenty-five to life pissed .
But if you wan na talk about bad luck
Where the hell is she ?
Feeling lucky today , Miles . Found a penny Heads up . There was an empty cab right outside my building . We hit every green light .
And we got rid of the red head .
Excuse me ? I believe you 're holding something far me under Pearson .
Do you have a ticket ?
I 'm sorry . Nothing under Pearson .
You 're sure ? This is Just a complete disaster .
A ring for my wife . A lot like that one . In fact , it was that one .
That 's no problem . We have those in stock .
When this is all over , you 're going to tell me who the King put on Al .
You going to have the time ?
King ai n't gon na like this .
Do n't worry , I 'll settle up with your boss . We have n't skipped town yet .
Can I speak to you in confidence ?
Huh ? Oh . She 's alright .
Coupla things . They got this Fed looking around and the girl just split .
A Fed ? Is he close ?
So do half the other people in this place . How do I know which one ?
I got it figured out He 's got this thing with bathrooms . If he makes it through Customs , he 'll be heading for the john .
If you Feds are so hot for him , why do n't we just bring him in right now ?
I want him for something big and to do that , we have to catch him in the act .
Like we told you before , we think he 's into something with the King Pin
Look , I 'm not a confrontational person by nature .
Good I got ta go . So , what do you have for me ?
Whaddya mean ? We got dick .
Hope so . Those fucking orthodontist bills are killing me . One fifty every time they tighten those bitches up . One fifty ! It 's not even covered .
It 's cosmetic . They do n't cover cosmetic . Last year I had a tooth capped . The dentist tells me I 'm not covered for caps . It 's cosmetic .
Bullshit it 's cosmetic ! My fucking tooth was cracked in half . I made the son of a bitch write it in as a cavity . The department 's dental is for shit .
Whoa , whoa There he is .
Can you ? I 'm happy being a dealer . At least the punters keep their hands to themselves .
You called the casino a cesspit .
You fucking little shit ! You shopped me .
What are you talking about ?
Reynolds got a doctor in . They forced me to take a dope test . It was positive . As you knew .
I do n't know anything about it .
What are you laughing at ? Who was that on the phone ?
A couple I know are getting married .
What kind of deal you looking to ?
What 's the Blue Book price ?
I thought it was you . It 's the hair !
I 'm working on that soccer story .
How 's that football story corning along ?
You said it was going to be social , Giles . No business .
You should n't have done that . I know what it meant to you .
I owe you for the rent . It 's only a car . I can get another .
Take it back . Till you sell your book .
Come on , Marion . Let 's face the truth . Nobody 's going to publish it .
In a casino . As a croupier . A dealer .
How did you land that ?
It came my way . 450 a week .
450 ? What did you do , just walked in and said I want to be a croupier ? Do n't you need training ?
I had training . In the Republic .
You were a croupier there ? You never told me that . I thought you just knew some gamblers .
You sold the car . You got a job . What 's the third thing ? Tell me .
There 's no third thing . Do n't be superstitious .
Are you trying to read my palm ?
You 've got such beautiful hands .
You 're shaking . What is it ?
Tension . It 'll go .
When you get home , I 'm asleep . When I leave home , you 're asleep .
I 'll see you in my dreams .
Where 've you been ? I 've got to give evidence in court at nine .
Do n't play the cop with me , Marion .
Take that back ! Fucking take that back . I 'm not a cop any more .
I take it back . You 're not a cop any more . You 're a store detective .
This fucking job 's getting to you . You have n't written a fucking word since you started .
Do you have to swear all the time ?
What are you doing here ? You know the rules .
What about a drink on the way home ?
I do n't finish till eight . Make it nine and you 're on .
I 'm on at nine .
I do n't like it at all . You had a wonderful character before , the Gambler . He was so romantic .
He was a loser . This guy 's a croupier . He ca n't lose . People have shat on him all his life . Now he 's in control . He 's a winner .
Are n't you ever tempted to gamble ?
Never . Why do you ask ?
I can just imagine , being around so much money all the time
Gambling 's not about money .
How did you know I was here ?
I thought you would n't want to spend Christmas Day alone in here .
I do n't want a criminal for a boyfriend .
There was a message , was n't there ?
It 's probably easier for you to eat the rice .
Marion ! What did you tell the police ?
For Christ 's sake , Jacko , do n't look a gift horse in the mouth . Have you written that name down ? Reynolds , at the Golden Lion .
All right , dad . Yes , I 'll call him .
So how are you doing , dad ?
Great . I 've just started a new company . Solid financing . It 's good . I love you Jacko , you know that
It 's against the rules . Dealers are forbidden to talk to punters .
That 's stupid . What are the odds of you being seen with me ?
I 'm not much of a gambler really . I just like this bar .
So why did you come to my casino ?
And the lies . Gamblers are born liars .
And superstitious too . It 's like witchcraft .
That 's Africa . There 's an African in all of us , is n't there ?
We all came from Africa , supposedly .
That trick tonight , I do n't think I 've ever seen that before .
It can only work with amateurs , A pro would have spotted it .
I know that . But you can now .
I do n't have any money . switches on the light . JANI is looking distressed .
My creditors . One night , around three in the morning , they 'll come into the casino -
Forget it , Jani . It 'll never work .
The point is , they want a man inside .
And I thought you were a bright woman .
And I thought you were only after my body .
I 've come to know you . You 're honest . I trust you .
I want to go back to Cape Town , I want to start again , clean .
I ca n't do it , Jani .
Did they tell you to sleep with me ?
I told you , all bets are off .
It does n't seem fair . You 're offering me ten grand in cash but you ca n't afford a decent place .
Well , life 's not fair . We know that .
I do n't think we should meet again .
It 's a shame there are n't more men in the world like you .
I 'm a witch . A white witch . Why do n't we move on ?
Are you going to put a spell on me ?
Nice car . How much did you pay for it ?
Too much . Eighteen hundred .
Coming up to two years now . But I was away for six months .
You 've done pretty well .
I 'm off to a little watering hole . Why do n't you join me ? Relax .
No thanks , Matt . I need my eight hours .
I do n't get you . Even if it was true , which it is n't , what the fuck difference would it make to you ?
Because if a supervisor knew I 'd seen you and I had n't reported it , I 'd lose my job as well . And I ca n't afford that .
Vodka . Straight . On the rocks .
Good call . Help yourself .
I 'm off . I need to sleep .
Loosen up , Jack . If you do n't , this job 'll get to you . The pressure 's too much , believe me , it 'll break you .
What ? You know what happened to me , do n't you ? That bitch Bella shopped me . I 'd like to beat the shit out of her .
I 'd like to buy you a drink .
I 'm sorry , sir , that 's a late bet .
What are you talking about ? It 's 11 , I 've won . With this lady .
You 've won with the two chips you placed earlier , but the third chip was a late bet .
I put them on together .
You do n't recognise me ? You had me barred . You fucking little worm .
Wait a minute . You got yourself barred .
I have to assume the serial numbers on the bowl and cylinder correspond .
We check every four days .
Why four ? And not three or five ?
It 's the procedure here . Now sort the chips .
Not with your own cloth . Besides , your pockets will be stitched .
What happens if I want to sneeze ?
This is n't South Africa . We 'd know , because someone would report it . Believe me , someone always does .
Does know ? Or does report ? What would happen if I knew something like that and did n't report it ?
Why do n't you take a break , Jack .
All right , Mr Reynolds .
I have a reduced drive reading of seven thousand .
Right , that checks out here .
Ninety seven million , minus eight , corrected to mass critical .
I read that with a quantum increase of seven .
The one on unit oh , I think it 's GMR twelve zero zero .
Oh . What 's wrong now ?
I 'm not sure . I think something is fucked up somewhere in the ship , though .
I hope it 's not the oven again .
Where is it ? What did you do with it ?
I do n't have it . I do n't know where it is .
The key , goddamit , the key !
Christ , twenty seconds , Christ !
We 've got to disarm the bomb .
Doolittle , are you there ?
What was that , I did n't hear
It 's Talby . He 's drifting away from the ship without his jetpack .
Well now what ? What do , you have for us now . Boiler ?
Not much . Nothing at all in this sector .
Hey , Doolittle , here 's one . An unstable planet . 85 % probability of an unstable planet in the Veil Nebula that will probably go off its orbit and hit a star .
Sounds good . Chart a course for the Veil Nebula .
Why does n't Talby ever eat down here with the rest of us ?
He just likes it up in the dome , that 's all .
Talby , Talby , can you read me ?
Can you beat that ? I always knew Talby was weird .
Swell . Let 's synchronize detonation time . Do you know when you 're supposed to go off ?
Detonation in six minutes , twenty seconds .
Fail safe in lock . Four minutes to drop , 22 minutes to detonation . This is Sergeant Pinback calling Bomb # 20 . Do you read me , bomb ?
Bomb # 20 to Sergeant Pinback . Roger , I read you , continue .
But you ca n't explode in the bomb bay . It 's foolish . You 'll kill us all . There 's no reason for it .
I am programmed to detonate in nine minutes . Detonation will occur at the programmed time .
This is Lieutenant Doolittle calling Bomb # 20 . I repeat previous order , you are to disarm yourself and return immediately to the bomb bay . Do you understand ?
I am programmed to detonate in fourteen minutes thirty seconds . Detonation will occur at the programmed time .
Bomb , this is Doolittle . You are not to detonate , repeat , you are not to detonate in the bomb bay . Disarm yourself . This is an order .
I read you , Lieutenant Doolittle , but I am programmed to detonate in fourteen minutes . Detonation will occur at the programmed time .
Are you willing to entertain a few concepts ?
I am always receptive to suggestions .
Hmm Well , I think , therefore I am .
That 's good . Very good . Now then , how do you know that anything else exists ?
Why do n't you have more time ?
Because I must detonate in seventy- five seconds .
Now , bomb , consider this next question , very carefully . What is your one purpose in life ?
To explode , of course .
So you have no absolute proof that Sergeant Pinback ordered you to detonate .
I recall distinctly the detonation order . My memory is good on matters like these .
Yeah . Eight , it says here .
Any of 'em any good ?
The new star . What are you gon na name it ?
Who cares . Do n't bother me .
Hello , Pinback , are you there ?
Yeah , Doolittle . What 's up ?
You know , Talby , you really ought to eat with the rest of us . You spend too much time up here .
I like it up here .
Must get lonely being up here so much .
I do n't like to go below since Commander Powell died . I feel enclosed down there . If it were big enough , I 'd sleep up here
You know what I think about , Talby ?
I 'm getting something here , on this readout
It 's funny , but I kind of sit around , you know , a lot of time to myself
I think I 'm getting a malfunction here somewhere .
Ah , Doolittle , I do have a malfunction on this readout , but I ca n't seem to pinpoint exactly where it is .
Do n't worry about it . We 'll find out when it goes bad .
I really think I should try and locate it immediately . Might be something important .
I wish I had my board with me now . Even if I could only polish it once in awhile .
Lieutenant Doolittle , this is Talby . Lieutenant ?
Yes , Talby , what is it ?
Doolittle , Doolittle , where are you ?
Here I am . I think I 'm spinning We 're both falling , Talby , in opposite directions , away from each other . My my jetpack 's gone .
Before we get too far away , and our signals start to fade , I just wanted to tell you you were my favorite . I really liked you , Doolittle .
I really liked you too , Talby . Hey , some debris from the ship ! It 's coming right by me .
Commander Powell , this is Doolittle . Ah , there 's something serious come up , sir , and I have to ask you something .
I 'm glad you 've come to talk with me , Doolittle . It 's been so long since anyone has come to talk with me .
Well , sir , the Dodgers broke up , disbanded over thirteen years ago .
Ah pity , pity
You do n't understand , sir , we ca n't get the bomb to drop .
Ah , so many malfunctions why do n't you have anything nice to tell me when you activate me ? Oh , well , did you try the azimuth clutch ?
What should we do , sir ? The time is running out .
Well , what you might try is
We 're running out of time , sir .
Oh , yes Well , Doolittle , if you ca n't get it to drop you 'll have to talk to it .
I already have , sir , and Pinback is talking to it now .
No , no , Doolittle , you talk to it . Teach it Phenomenology , Doolittle .
Men men what happened , men ?
Yeah , the skipper always was lucky .
Okay , okay . I can explain You ever have to do something you really do n't want to ?
How I make my living , what 's your point ?
Mr. Sonrisa saw you on the cameras . He wants you to come see him .
I 'm on a break .
Or we can work on your face with a pair of pliers for a couple of hours and you tell us where she is .
Or we could go another way 'cause your boss seems to like my face just the way it is .
Look , that thing about the pliers , I was just doing what the man pays me to do . Ya know ? Comin ' off hard .
Yeah , sure , I understand .
Man , you got a bad attitude .
I like to keep it professional , that 's all .
Fine . So call her . Get her over here .
Actually , that 's not gon na be necessary .
See what you do n't know is you 're already in the last two minutes of your life .
You 're in the last two seconds , you do n't cut the crap .
You can hardly blame him , the way you 've been taking care of business or should I say , not taking care of it .
What 're you talkin ' about ?
This is what your life 's worth , Bruno .
But the boss knows I always been loyal .
Ass like your , I can see why he 's worried you 'll punk .
What the hell are you doing ?
Some of us are trying to sleep .
You did n't tell me you lived with her .
How 're ya doin ' , Max .
You mean until you showed up ?
'Cause you went out the back door and nailed her girlfriend ? Who would take offense to that ?
Justine was not an unwilling participant .
Which is none of your business or mine .
It concerns only Jah . But , in this case , I was the instrument of the Most High .
What 're you lookin ' at me for ? I 'm not his next of kin . Anyway , I do n't got that kind of cash lyin ' around .
Theo rode for this place a long time , man .
Must think you 're pretty special laying this on you .
Thought so . Turned out he wanted me for something else though .
I should n't do this . But I got a client lookin ' to score some fire power . Maybe you 'll keep your eyes open for me .
I do n't get involved with guns .
I made you coffee . That oughta help you cope with the injustice of the world a little .
Thanks , it 's starting to kick in . I feel almost human .
What 's with you ? Every week this scumbag puts the squeeze on us and every week you roll out the welcome wagon like he 's family .
Just thought maybe he 'd like a little coffee with his saliva .
Oh my God ! In here ! IN HERE !
SHHH ! Do n't do that !
Your daughter 's the only leverage they have to keep you quiet .
Can you help me get her back ?
Goodnight Bears . Goodnight chairs . Goodnight kittens . Goodnight mittens . Goodnight clocks . And goodnight socks . Goodnight little house . And goodnight
I do n't want to move away .
I know , Honey , but just think how exiting it will be new house , new school , new friends
But why ca n't we stay here ?
Because we ca n't . There 's nothing here for us anymore .
Are we in some kind of trouble ?
Pretty much the same reasons I was crying . But things will be better when we move to a new place .
Then I 'm gon na do what you do to make me feel better when I 'm sad .
I 'm sorry if I caught you at a bad time .
We 're just a little tense right now It 's okay .
So , what , you liked it because it was shiny ?
No , because it 's the Egyptian goddess Bast .
So this guy walks into a bar and says
We did n't get a chance to finish our conversation the other night .
Am I s'posed to be flattered by all the attention ?
Now you know who I am , where I live . I figured I better find out who I 'm dealing with in case you were looking to hurt me .
How does Mrs . Eyes Only like being married to a guy on everybody 's hit list ?
Lauren 's not my wife .
Ever notice how cats always seem to turn up around dinner time ?
I wo n't be staying .
How do I know you did n't ?
So saw my hands off , I left you a present .
Whoa there , Tex ! We 've been through all this .
It 's alright , Peter , we 're fine .
I 'm sorry . It was n't my intention . But I had to see you .
You 'd think a guy who 's taken on the job of saving the world would have a few more important things to do than traipse around after some girl .
I have n't been able to get you off my mind .
You need to get out more .
Gold leaf , art nouveau , French , early nineteen hundreds I could probably fence this for three or four grand .
No , I meant this .
