Not the hacking and gagging and spitting part . Please .
Okay then how 'bout we try out some French cuisine . Saturday ? Night ?
The thing is , Cameron I 'm at the mercy of a particularly hideous breed of loser . My sister . I ca n't date until she does .
Seems like she could get a date easy enough
Gosh , if only we could find Kat a boyfriend
Let me see what I can do .
How is our little Find the Wench A Date plan progressing ?
Well , there 's someone I think might be
So that 's the kind of guy she likes ? Pretty ones ?
Who knows ? All I 've ever heard her say is that she 'd dip before dating a guy that smokes .
Me . This endless blonde babble . I 'm like , boring myself .
Thank God ! If I had to hear one more story about your coiffure
I have to be home in twenty minutes .
I do n't have to be home 'til two .
Listen , I want to talk to you about the prom .
You know the deal . I ca n't go if Kat does n't go
I have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do n't get out of my way .
Can you at least start wearing a bra ?
Oh my God , does this mean you 're becoming normal ?
It means that Gigglepuss is playing at Club Skunk and we 're going .
Like I 'm supposed to know what that even means .
It 's Shakespeare . Maybe you 've heard of him ?
Bianca , I need to talk to you I need to tell you
I really do n't think I need any social advice from you right now .
I do care . But I 'm a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons , not someone else 's .
I wish I had that luxury . I 'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and I ca n't go , because you wo n't .
I guess I thought I was protecting you .
God , you 're just like him ! Just keep me locked away in the dark , so I ca n't experience anything for myself
Not all experiences are good , Bianca . You ca n't always trust the people you want to .
I guess I 'll never know , will I ?
Now do n't get upset . Daddy , but there 's this boy and I think he might ask
No ! You 're not dating until your sister starts dating . End of discussion .
If you must know , we were attempting to go to a small study group of friends .
Otherwise known as an orgy ?
Daddy , people expect me to be there !
If Kat 's not going , you 're not going .
Oh , God . It 's starting .
It 's just a party . Daddy .
Daddy , I want to discuss the prom with you . It 's tomorrow night
The prom ? Kat has a date ?
He 's not a hot rod . Whatever that is .
You 're not going unless your sister goes . End of story .
I was kidding . People actually live there ?
Yeah . A couple . We 're outnumbered by the cows , though .
Why do girls like that always like guys like that ?
Because they 're bred to . Their mothers liked guys like that , and their grandmothers before them . Their gene pool is rarely diluted .
Guess who just signed up for a tutor ?
You mean I 'd get a chance to talk to her ?
Yeah , just a minor encounter with the shrew .
That 's her ? Bianca 's sister ?
I teach her French , get to know her , dazzle her with charm and she falls in love with me .
Unlikely , but even so , she still ca n't go out with you . So what 's the point ?
What makes you think he 'll do it ?
He seems like he thrives on danger
No kidding . He 's a criminal . I heard he lit a state trooper on fire . He just got out of Alcatraz
They always let felons sit in on Honors Biology ?
I 'm serious , man , he 's whacked . He sold his own liver on the black market so he could buy new speakers .
Forget his reputation . Do you think we 've got a plan or not ?
Did she actually say she 'd go out with you ?
That 's what I just said
You humiliated the woman ! Sacrifice yourself on the altar of dignity and even the score .
Best case scenario , you 're back on the payroll for awhile .
She hates you with the fire of a thousand suns . That 's a direct quote
She just needs time to cool off I 'll give it a day .
The vintage look is over , Kat . Have n't you been reading your Sassy ?
Yeah , and I noticed the only part of you featured in your big Kmart spread was your elbow . Tough break .
You need money to take a girl out
But you 'd go out with her if you had the cake ?
You got it , Verona . I pick up the tab , you do the honors .
You 're gon na pay me to take out some girl ?
Take it or leave it . This is n't a negotiation .
Fifty , and you 've got your man .
Watching the bitch trash my car does n't count as a date .
I got her under control . She just acts crazed in public to keep up the image .
But she ca n't go out with you because her sister is this insane head case and no one will go out with her . right ?
Does this conversation have a purpose ?
I hear you 're helpin ' Verona .
Uh , yeah . We 're old friend .
You better not fuck this up . I 'm heavily invested .
Hey it 's all for the higher good right ?
That 's Pat Verona ? The one who was gone for a year ? I heard he was doing porn movies .
I 'm sure he 's completely incapable of doing anything that interesting .
The people at this school are so incredibly foul .
You could always go with me . I 'm sure William has some friends .
You went to the party ? I thought we were officially opposed to suburban social activity .
I did n't have a choice .
You did n't have a choice ? Where 's Kat and what have you done with her ?
I did Bianca a favor and it backfired .
Can you even imagine ? Who the hell would go to this a bastion of commercial excess ?
Well , I guess we 're not , since we do n't have dates .
Listen to you ! You sound like Betty , all pissed off because Archie is taking Veronica .
Okay , okay , we wo n't go . It 's not like I have a dress anyway
You 're looking at this from the wrong perspective . We 're making a statement .
Oh , good . Something new and different for us .
William - he asked me to meet him here .
Oh , honey tell me we have n't ' progressed to full-on hallucinations .
Then say you 'll spend Dollar Night at the track with me .
And why would I do that ?
Come on the ponies , the flat beer , you with money in your eyes , me with my hand on your ass
You covered in my vomit .
You 're not a big talker , are you ?
Depends on the topic . My fenders do n't really whip me into a verbal frenzy .
You know , these guys are no Bikini Kill or The Raincoats , but they 're right up there .
You know who The Raincoats are ?
I say , do what you wan na do .
Funny , you 're the only one
Uh , uh . You lie down and you 'll go to sleep
I know , just let me sleep
I know . It 'd have to be a pretty big deal to get you to mainline tequila . You do n't seem like the type .
Hey man You do n't think I can be cool ? You do n't think I can be laid back like everyone else ?
And I 'm in control of it .
But it 's Gigglepuss - I know you like them . I saw you there .
So what 's up with your dad ? He a pain in the ass ?
He just wants me to be someone I 'm not .
Excuse me , have you seen The Feminine Mystique ? I lost my copy .
What are you doing here ?
Unwelcome ? I guess someone still has her panties in a twist .
Do n't for one minute think that you had any effect whatsoever on my panties .
So what did I have an effect on ?
Other than my upchuck reflex ? Nothing .
I guess I never told you I 'm afraid of heights .
C'mon . It 's not that bad .
No something real . Something no one else knows .
You 're sweet . And sexy . And completely hot for me .
Create a little drama ? Start a new rumor ? What ?
So I have to have a motive to be with you ?
How 'd you get a tux at the last minute ?
It 's Scurvy 's . His date got convicted . Where 'd you get the dress ?
A Fender Strat . You bought this ?
I thought you could use it . When you start your band .
Why is my veggie burger the only burnt object on this grill ?
Because I like to torture you .
Oh , Bianca ? Can you get me my freshman yearbook ?
Do n't you even dare
Is this about Sarah Lawrence ? You punishing me ?
I thought you were punishing me .
Why ca n't we agree on this ?
Because you 're making decisions for me .
As a parent , that 's my right
So what I want does n't matter ?
You 're eighteen . You do n't know what you want . You wo n't know until you 're forty-five and you do n't have it .
I want to go to an East Coast school ! I want you to trust me to make my own choices . I want
I think I speak correctly when I say that Cameron 's love is pure . Purer than say Joey Dorsey 's .
Dorsey can plow whoever he wants . I 'm just in this for the cash .
That 's where we can help you . With Kat .
So Dorsey can get the girl ?
I prefer to think of it simply as an alternative to what the law allows .
I 'm likin ' you guys better
You were right . She 's still pissed .
Sweet love , renew thy force !
It was a bratwurst . I was eating lunch .
With the teeth of your zipper ?
You were n't abused , you are n't stupid , and as far as I can tell , you 're only slightly psychotic so why is it that you 're such a fuck-up ?
Well , you know there 's the prestige of the job title and the benefits package is pretty good
They 'll dance , they 'll kiss , they 'll come home . Let her go .
Kissing ? Is that what you think happens ? Kissing is n't what keeps me up to my elbows in placenta all day .
What are you listening to , chicken ass ?
Ah , leave him alone . He 's doing no harm .
You say Asia can be found by sailing west ?
Yes , your Eminence . The voyage should not take more than six or seven weeks .
Your Eminence , there is only one way to settle the matter . And that is to make the journey . I am ready to risk my life to prove it possible .
Your life , and that of others !
If God intended our proximity to Asia , do you believe he would have waited for you to show it to the world ?
Did He not choose a carpenter 's son to reveal Himself to the world ?
He is a mercenary ! Did he not already try to convince the King of Portugal of his absurd notions ?
Indeed . The world is full of mercenaries and states often make use of them , when it benefits them . My only concern is the welfare and prosperity of Spain .
It wo n't be easy to get rid of your prophet now , Don Sanchez .
On the contrary , Your Eminence . It seems to me the man is preparing his own cross .
I have n't given you much of a life .
Well that 's true . I have a child by a man who wo n't marry me ! Who 's always leaving
Perhaps I was never meant to live with a woman
I find that hard to believe .
I 'm not asking you to swear to anything .
I do n't want you to wait for me .
Beatrix , I want to ask you something .
You do n't usually ask .
God you 're so beautiful ! I ca n't believe no other man has ever taken you away from me
They tried but I did n't let them .
What is it , now ? Tell me
I ca n't keep my eyes off you . I would like to catch up with all the moments I did n't spend with you .
I understand that you will soon be appointing Governors for the islands ? Is it not so ?
Forgive me , Don Bobadilla those positions have already been taken .
How could I be ? The mainland has been found . Exactly as I said it would .
I am afraid this is not the worst news .
Do you swear on all the Holy Saints in heaven ?
Yes Yes , I do On all of them !
I want you to tell me everything you remember , Father . From the beginning . Everything .
Really ? God I would n't know where to start and yet
And were you never ambitious , Excellency ? Or is ambition only a virtue among the nobles , a fault for the rest of us ?
If you wo n't accept our proposal , we 'll simply find someone who will .
You seem to have a special talent for making friends .
What ? Do I have so many already ?
I am not afraid of you . You are nothing but a dreamer .
Look out of that window .
You have to find them , Utapan . Look what they did !
You did the same to your God !
Utapan , wo n't you speak to me ? You used to know how to speak to me .
You never learned how to speak my language .
Diego is a bright boy a pleasure to teach but so serious Brothers should be raised together , Colon . Even brothers from different mothers
Father , I am doing what I think is the best for him . And he has the teacher I would have chosen for myself .
God That 's in a week !
That 's what it says .
Why do you wish to sail west ?
To open a new route to Asia . At the moment there are only two ways of reaching it
How can you be so certain ? The Ocean is said to be infinite .
Ignorance ! I believe the Indies are no more than 750 leagues west of the Canary Islands .
You get so carried away when you are being contradicted !
I 've been contradicted all my life Eternity !
You must n't give way to despair . You must wait .
Wait ! I 've waited seven years already ! How much longer do you want me to wait ?
May God forgive you ! You must tell them ! You must tell your men !
If I tell them , they wo n't follow me . You know that I am right , Father . You trust me
I suppose we 're both old men now .
You 'll always be older than me , Father .
I can not ignore the verdict of my council .
Surely you can do anything you want .
How old are you , Senor Colon ?
Thirty seven , Your Majesty And you ?
There is one thing I 'd like to understand Why do you want to go back , after all this ?
Your Majesty some men are content to read about things . I must see them with my own eyes . I can not be other than I am .
And you say this is an Indian vice ? By God ! I do n't see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin .
The Indians have no such word , Don Moxica .
We lost cousins , friends . We will wash this in blood .
If you want to keep your head on your shoulders , you 'll do as I say .
You want a war ? Fine . We are a thousand . They outnumber us by ten ! Who will you kill ? Which tribe ?
We do n't need to know .
We ca n't raise the wheel without it .
My horse does n't work .
Don Moxica we all have to work .
You did not hear me , Don Colon . Not my horse .
Due west , Captain Mendez . And may God be with us
God be with us admiral .
Well It 's the men , Sir . They wonder how you know our position . We 've lost sight from land days ago
And what do you think Mendez ?
You lied ! You cheated ! We 're way past 750 leagues !
Six days ago , yes .
We 're on the verge of a mutiny , Colon !
You think I do n't know that ?
You do n't know anything ! Listen Colon , these are my ships , right ? So I 'm telling you we 're turning back !
And then what ? Half of the water has gone , the rest is nearly putrid ! You know that !
Jesus Maria ! I should have never listened to you !
You never did . You did all the talking for both of us , remember ?
You were right , Don Sanchez His demands could never be granted .
Never , Your Majesty . Although
Every ship returns with a cargo of sick and dying . But with no gold ! The new world proves expensive , Your Majesty .
We were n't expecting immediate profits , were we ? We must have faith . We must give time for time .
Are you my attorney ? I 'm Emil . I 'm insane .
I 'm not your lawyer until I see the money .
Do n't worry about him . Think about yourself .
What about my movie rights ? Book rights ?
Look , I have n't really focused on that kind of thing .
What 's your cut ? How much ?
This is not about money , Emil . I need your trust in me .
What else do you need ?
I need to know about your background . I need to know about your upbringing . Why you 're here .
Give me another one , please .
Tell me about yourself . What you did as a young boy what your parents were like .
My father always degraded me . Killed my self-esteem . And my mother was blind .
Your father blamed you for your mother 's blindness ?
Yeah , he hated me from day when I was born . Put it out . Can you put the cigarette out ?
That 's what he did to me . He put cigarettes out on me .
Your father put cigarettes out on you ?
Out on my back when I was a small boy .
Can I see your back ?
I 'm abused . Do n't you think ?
I do n't think it 's abuse , I think it 's torture .
Now I become custody of police department ?
If you cooperate with the DA - maybe they 'll help you with your situation .
I will if they do n't send me back .
They wo n't until this is over .
The men are out of quarters - practicing putting out fires .
So the station is empty ?
If I was your boyfriend , I might be .
If you were my boyfriend , I 'd suggest you find another girlfriend that is n't going to jail ten-thousand miles away .
A good Immigration lawyer could stall the process . Eddie recommended one .
No matter what happens I 'm glad I met you .
I told your partner , I ca n't help . I did n't see anything .
C'mon , start at the beginning . You know these people ?
Whether you tell us or not , we 'll find out . Better if it comes from you .
If I tell you , will you arrest me ?
Are you here illegally ? Do n't worry about that . We 'll talk to Immigration . They wo n't deport you .
No , no , do n't talk to Immigration !
Look , we can help you but right now we have to deal with what 's happening here . Tell us the truth is that the truth ?
You 're a cop - you 'll never believe me .
Well , I 'm the Deputy Chief Fire Marshall and every now and then I 'd like to be included in decisions .
Look , after Jordy briefs me , you can do the press conference . How about that ? The case is all yours .
Then why did n't you talk to the reporter ?
'Cause we got more important things to do , like finding out who did it .
Chief - mind if I take her ?
Okay . But not water sports .
The public does n't have any idea what we do and now you 're going to define our image ! This is going to be our Rodney King !
What was I supposed to do ? The guy tried to mug me . I was gon na send a cop back - I just forgot .
Forgot ? You handcuffed a civilian to a tree ? !
Chief - I know I screwed up - but this guy was no innocent civilian .
Did the D.A . videotape her deposition ?
Yeah . He finished awhile ago .
He got my gun ! Motherfucker was filming the whole time !
I know . Relax . Take it easy . Do n't worry , we 'll get those fuckers .
I have nothin ' to say . If you wan na contact my attorney
Homicide , Miss Hearn . It 's Detective Eddie Flemming . Open up .
Tall , short-haired , scary eyes . Second guy with him was shorter , with a wrestler 's build . And he would n't turn his videocamera off me .
He had a videocamera ? Where is she ? Quickly !
Hey , that 's great you guys got it all wrapped up , but you do n't mind if we go through the routine ? It gives us somethin ' to do .
No , we do n't mind . You mind Leon ?
You know what that is , right ?
No , what is it ?
Well , just so you know , I do n't care about that stuff .
Nah , why should you ?
Did you get a report from the M.E . ?
Sure . But I would like to ask you something . You got a problem with me ?
I can watch you , Eddie . Maybe I 'll learn something .
This is n't homicide school .
You goin ' to the escort service ?
You got any better ideas ?
Mind if I ride along with you ?
This has nothing to do with your fire .
I 'll let you know what happens .
This is ridiculous . I 'm not gon na be in your way - we can talk the case over .
Tell you what - I 'll flip you a coin . If you win you can come with me . If you do n't win , you do n't come .
I 'll call it tails .
Leon - meet us at 63rd and Madison . Hair salon . Ludwig 's .
I 'm on my way with Eddie . Ludwig 's . 63rd and Madison . The suspects might be there already .
What are you hiding ? Why are you afraid
She just saw two of her friends killed ! They probably threatened her .
Look - let me talk to her . Any leads I get , they 're all yours . Just let me have a first crack at her .
You wan na talk to her alone ?
C'mon . You intimidate her 'cause you 're a celebrity . She sees me differently .
You 're her Savior ? Is she the kid you 're gon na save from the burning building ?
Look , Eddie , I 'm tellin ' you - I did n't touch her .
Well , you shoulda because nobody 's gon na believe you did n't including me .
I told you , you know , I thought I was doing the right thing , you know , I think she 's innocent .
Well , it 's not up to you to decide whether she 's innocent or not . Do n't you understand , that 's why you 're a professional .
Why 'd you help me back there with the Chief ? Why 'd you stand up for me like that ?
You know , I do n't know . I like you . You remind me of a puppy I used to have . He pissed on the rug all the time , but I still kept him .
Detective , does it look like a murder ?
We do n't know that yet . It 's much too early . There 's a lot to be done .
Can we go up to the crime scene ?
You know you ca n't do that . C'mon .
Detective - can you tell us what happened here ?
I ca n't talk right now . We have some things to take care of .
I understand , but I noticed that the Fire Marshall is here with you . Is this somehow related to the fire department ?
I really ca n't give out any information right now at this point .
Okay . But I do understand that your partner , Leon Jackson 's been injured . Is that correct ?
He was hurt , but not seriously . He 'll be fine .
Do you have the suspect in custody ?
Um now is not a good time , okay . Detective Jackson 's hurt . He 's fine . I 've got a Fire Marshall shot , Detective Jackson is hurt but not seriously .
What is your problem ? Why 'd you snap at me ? I just wanted a statement .
I ca n't I ca n't answer you just because you want me to answer you !
You did n't have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues . You could give me something .
Oh , I 'm sorry . Did I embarrass you , sweetheart ? Oh
Yes you are . I 'm not just some reporter . I do n't just stick a microphone in your face . You could give me something .
Yeah , well you took the camera and put it right down on the evidence . That was
Okay . That is great . But I ca n't go now , we 're in the middle of something here .
No . Go ahead . You 're gon na be great .
No . No , listen to me here . I want to know what you 're talking about . You know , the shoe thing and the marriages and
I 'll tell you tonight . Let 's do it tonight . As soon as you get back we 'll talk . We 'll talk .
Yeah . I 'll do that . As long as you 're not patronizing me .
Patronizing you Nay , I love you .
I hope this prick does n't run . My knees are killing me . Stay behind me .
You 're worried for my safety . I 'm touched .
Any chance we can do that again ?
Again ? I did n't wan na do it the first time .
You 're a butcher ? What do you use pig intestines for ?
You stuff sausage in it .
No . I 'm the best that 's ever threatened you .
I 'll meet you on one condition - I get exclusivity and you surrender to me .
We 'll talk about that . Four o'clock gives you time to go to bank . Three hundred thousand dollars .
What ? It does n't work that way .
If you do n't want my film - I 'll call another show . And they will show it .
Wait a minute . Wait a minute .
Were you a fireman ? That how you knew how to rig the apartment ?
My father was . He gave me many lessons about fire . Now it 's my friend .
You ca n't kill me . You 're not a cop . Just fireman with a gun . I bet you never shot anybody in your life .
You 'll be my first .
C'mon . Pull the trigger . Do it . Oh , look , you 're sweating . You do n't have the balls .
Get down on your knees .
Tell him to put his gun down !
Let her go ! Let her go !
That 's confidential . Could you put the money on the dresser ?
I like to talk to the person who runs the service . Can you give me address ?
In here , says he wants a million .
Million ? ! The killer gets one million dollars for a television interview ?
Turn that off ! Get the bags .
Why should I carry your bag ? I am not a dog .
Oh , shit . I hate looking at that !
Do n't want to film this ?
You are success story ? I am success story ! Why do you say I and not we ?
Oleg , do n't be paranoid . You got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars , did n't you ? I gave you half of what they gave me . Look - here we are !
In movie they make of us , who do you think would act me ?
The one who got caught in the bathroom . George Michael .
This is my project . I say 'action . ' I am the director ! You are the talent . You wait for me to say 'action . ' And 'action ! '
Bad last moment - I cut it out .
Why did you leave that stuff in about you being the director ?
Because I am the director . Do n't you realize , if it was n't for my film , for my talent , my idea to do this - no way would we be sitting here right now .
We started over , you can too .
You spent all the money while I was in prison ? Now you tell me to get a job fixing toilets ? ! ?
And you , you 'll pay for what you did !
This footage will work in your favor . When the jury sees this - no matter what Cutler tries , they 'll convict him .
You outta be ashamed . Ashamed of yourself .
If I did n't put it on somebody else would ! I was his friend !
So the way you see it , two crack heads burned themselves up ?
That 's what it looks like to me .
And while they 're burning up , they 're still goin ' down on each other ? You got to hand it to them .
Yeah , well , some people got their priorities straight .
Got any spare change ? How 'bout a spare twenty ?
Look , I do n't have time for you , get out of my way !
Okay , you 're under arrest ! Now you happy ?
Fire Department ? Firemen do n't carry guns .
I 'll send a cop back for you .
Hey . C'mon , you ca n't leave me like this . Some freak 'll come by and stab me !
What 's that on your forehead , Max ? That 's a nice attention getter .
Yeah , I 'm religious . I 'm not an Atheist like you ! Now , are you guys gon na arrest me , or not ?
Where you been , man ? We got a celebrity !
I heard . Who the hell let them up there ?
I do n't know , you think Eddie will give me his autograph ?
You see anything in the crowd ? Anybody suspicious ?
Bobby , Bobby ! Where 're you hit ? !
It hurts . Aw , Jesus !
Room was registered to a Francis Capra .
Capra ? That 's not Czech or Russian . Who said he sounded Russian ?
Take the car . Get outta here , Tommy .
Look , you ca n't shoot him in cold blood .
Look , I 'm in here . You call this a career move ?
And is n't there a movie in the works about you ?
We 're in negotiations , that 's correct .
But does n't the Son of Sam Law prevent criminals from profiting from their crimes ?
Hi . Frank coming in , please .
Right . Just a sec .
Dave , if you 've a minute , I 'd like your advice on something .
Sure , what is it ?
Well , what do you think we ought to do about it ?
I do n't think we should make any fuss about it yet . I 'm sure they 'll straighten it out .
I must say , I never did understand why they split us into two groups for training .
No . I never did , either .
I suppose the idea was specialized training .
I suppose so . Though , of course , there 's a more sinister explanation .
Not really . Though , it is strange when you think about it . It did n't really make any sense to keep us apart during training .
Yes , but it 's to fantastic to think that they 'd keep something from us .
I suppose it is n't logically impossible .
I guess it is n't .
I suppose computers have been known to be wrong .
Yes , but it 's more likely that the tolerances on our testing gear are too low .
I do n't know . Hal said he thought it might be the assembly procedure .
Two units in four days . How many spares do we have ?
I did n't do that Frank . I took particular care not to freeze them .
I guess you do n't know your own strength , old boy .
I 'm sorry , Frank , but I do n't think I can answer that question without knowing everything that all of you know .
He 's got a point .
Sorry to interrupt the festivities , Dave , but I think we 've got a problem .
What is it , Hal ?
The unit is still operational , Dave . but it will fail within seventy-two hours .
I understand Hal . We 'll take care of it . Please , let me have the hard copy .
Not now , Hal , I 'd like to talk to you about something .
Sure , Dave , what 's up ?
You probably also know that we found them okay .
Yes , I know that . But I can assure you that they were about to fail .
I 'm not questioning your word , Dave , but it 's just not possible . I 'm not capable of being wrong .
Hal , is there anything bothering you ? Anything that might account for this problem ?
Well , do n't worry about it .
And do n't you worry about it .
Is your confidence in me fully restored ?
Yes , it is , Hal .
I suppose it 's because you 've been under a lot of stress , but have you forgotten that they 're not supposed to be revived for another three months .
The antenna has to be replaced .
Repairing the antenna is a pretty dangerous operation .
It does n't have to be , Hal . It 's more dangerous to be out of touch with Earth . Let me have manual control , please .
If you 're determined to revive the crew now , I can handle the whole thing myself . There 's no need for you to trouble .
I 'm goin to do this myself , Hal . Let me have the control , please .
Look , Dave your 've probably got a lot to do . I suggest you leave it to me .
Hal , switch to manual hibernation control .
I can tell from the tone of your voice , Dave , that you 're upset . Why do n't you take a stress pill and get some rest .
Hal , I 'm in command of this ship . I order you to release the manual hibernation control .
I 'm at Space Station Five , darling . How are you ?
I 'm fine , Daddy . When are you coming home ?
One , two , three . Can I speak to Mommy ?
Mommy 's out to the hair- dresser .
Okay , sweetheart . Well , I have to go now . Tell Mommy that I called .
How many days until you come home ?
Well , I 've heard more and more people talk of an epidemic .
I suppose it was bound to happen sooner or later .
Berkeley told me that they think it came from contamination on a returning Mars flight .
Yes , well , whatever it is , they 're certainly not fooling around . This is the first flight they allowed in for more than a week .
I was working out what this trip must cost , taking him up there by himself and coming back empty .
I 'll bet it 's a fortune .
He 's fine . But I 'm afraid we do n't get a chance to see each other very much these days .
Well , where are all of you off to ?
Clavius Control came on the air just long enough to transmit their refusal .
Well , that does sound very odd .
Are you sure you wo n't change your mind about a drink ?
No , thank you and I 'm afraid now I really must be going .
Well , Gregor and I will look forward to seeing you .
Thank you . It 's been a great pleasure to meet all of you Dr. Smyslov .
Well , thank you very much for being so understanding .
Please , it really does n't matter .
Yes , I think so . Just about then .
I suppose you saw the work on our new section while you were docking .
Well , as it happens , I 'm on my way up to the moon
Are you , by any chance , going up to your base at Clavius ?
I 'm sorry , but I 'm not sure I know what you mean .
Well , it 's just for the past two weeks there have been some extremely odd things happening at Clavius .
Yes , well at first we thought that was the explanation , but it 's been going on for the past ten days .
You mean you have n't been able to get anyone at the base for ten days ?
This epidemic could easily spread to our base , Dr. Floyd . We should be given all the facts .
Dr. Smyslov I 'm not permitted to discuss this .
By the deformation between the mother rock and the fill .
Any clue as to what it is ?
Has it been exposed to any sun before now ?
I do n't think it has , but I 'd like to check that . Simpson , what 's the log on that ?
Oh , marvellous . It 's the first real sleep I 've had for the past two days .
There 's nothing like weightless sleep for a complete rest .
Well , fine . Thanks very much , anyway , and I hope you do n't mind me asking ?
No , of course , Captain , I can understand your concern .
Right . Hal , tell me whether the following statements are true or false .
I will if I can , Frank .
I know you did , Frank , but I assure you there was an impending failure .
Let me see the tracking alignment display .
Do you have any idea of what is causing this fault ?
Not really , Frank . I think there may be a flaw in the assembly procedure .
We do n't wash 'em , ya know .
How about chargin ' the battery ?
Maybe you better have a Black Russian .
No , man , I think I 'll have a vodka .
I do n't give a damn about his girl
Look , give me a break , you 're going to have to settle for her place . It 's the only thing I know .
I never paid for it in my life .
It 's better when you pay they let you do anything .
They always let me do anything . I do n't want to pay for it . I never paid for it in my life .
Just do what I say , okay ? We 'll pay for the girls and have a good time Do n't you trust me ?
Maybe that 's where I 'm gon na cut your throat .
He 's just kiddin ' , you just keep doin ' what I tell ya , you 'll be okay .
Hey , what kind of talk is that ?
Oh You 're a schoolteacher
You just quit bein ' a priest or somethin ' ?
No , baby , nothin ' like that . Look , there 's a place across the street . We can go right over there
Well , maybe I 'll see you later
Here 's hoping , baby
I 'll buy ya the best dinner in San Francisco how 'd that be ? Then we 'll go dancin ' , okay ?
Now you 're talkin ' . See ya
You and the other one , you 're still Billy 's girls . You always were his girls
Yeah . Sure , i 'm crazy in love with him , who would n't be
After I get outta this , cop I 'm gon na live forever
I do n't think you 're gon na make it .
I got hit . I ca n't believe it . I got shot .
You 're done . End of story .
You here to write my life story ?
Not likely , Reggie . Maybe I just need some help .
What 's the big deal about you bein ' on the street ?
I got a lot to protect .
This prison gives out $ 400 suits ?
What are you talkin ' about ? This suit 's mine . It cost $ 900 .
Okay , let 's get down to it . I did my part and got you out . So now you tell me where we 're goin ' ?
Do n't worry , I got a move for ya . An awesome move . A guy named Luther . Ganz 'll be paying him a visit . We go to him right away .
I can read a police file , shithead , and quit calling me Jack .
Just an expression man , do n't mean nothin ' .
Just up the street , the other side , over there Now , do n't bother knockin ' on the door . Luther ai n't the kind of guy that looks for company .
Your pal nuts enough to take a shot at me ?
Luther ai n't the reliable type . I do n't want you shot yet , Cates not before you been a help to me .
I 'm helpin ' you , huh ?
Quit playin ' cop and undo this cuff , Jack , I need to talk to this man .
I 'm tellin ' you to drop the Goddam gun .
We 're on the move . Let 's go . As they walk toward a corridor .
Do you know how close I was to getting some trim . And you fucked ' it up .
Yeah , well , my ass bleeds for you . And I did n't get you out so you could go on a Goddamn trim hunt stop moaning .
Speakin ' of moans my Stomach is startin ' to growl .
Who 'd you call on the phone back at the booking station ?
Just get in the car and keep your mouth shut .
Now , where we goin ' , convict ?
Mission District . Gon na find us an Indian .
I do n't give out the details .
Last night , two nights ago , three ?
Sure . Then we had a fight this morning .
At least you took care of business and got the important part in before she came down on you Tell me a little about her . She got great tits ?
This part of town , they 'll make us for heat the second we walk in . Just back me up like you 've got a piece
Back you up ? Now why would I wan na do that ?
If they kick my ass , they 'll sure as hell carve yours up
But you can handle it all right , huh ? Real amazin ' how far a gun and a badge can carry some cats
I 'll tell you what happens if you lose you tell the truth for once .
What are you talkin ' about ?
You tell me what Ganz busted out for , he 's after a lot more than just gettin ' out of jail . And whatever it is , you 're part of it .
I do n't know what you 're talking about . I just wan na see Ganz nailed .
I 'm gon na enjoy this here , I 'll even loan you my badge .
I thought you said bullshit and experience are all it takes .
This place do n't seem real popular with the brothers .
My kind of place . I always liked country boys .
That was n't necessary , buddy . I got this under control .
Some of us citizens are with you all the way , Officer .
Yeah , right . You want to try again ?
Naw , you 'd just call your pals back to bail you out one more time .
You gon na let me keep any of it ?
Depends on how things work out . I believe in the merit system . So far you have n't built up any points .
You took a big chance , leaving this here all this time .
Not really . I figured Ganz was put down for a long time . And I knew Luther would never job me on his own . He 's too chickenshit .
Jesus Christ , look at all the dust on my car why in the hell do n't he take it to a car wash ?
Did n't know you darker people went in for foreign jobs .
You 'd think the guy 'd be smart enough to know he was being tailed .
Tryin ' to save his girl , man . He 's in another world .
If I was his size and had Ganz on my ass , I 'd just leave town .
I 'm tellin ' you the man 's in love he wants to be a hero for his girl .
Say , do you always work people over like you did Luther ?
If they do n't tell me what I need to know
Maybe Luther hopes Ganz 'll give him a piece of your money
If he 's hoping that then he 's dumber than I think he is , which would be amazin ' , cause I already think he 's real dumb .
We 're getting too close Cates , what 's the matter , you been takin ' dumb pills ?
Yeah , most cops are pretty dumb But since you 're the one that landed in jail what 's that make you ?
That was in style a couple years back , man .
Right . if you ever switch from armed robbery to pimping , then you 're all set .
Maybe we should pay Luther a visit .
Let him get some sleep . He 's going to need it .
Tell me something . Why did n't you just take the money off Luther and split ?
Forget it . I want Ganz as bad as you do and I got some other news for you
Hey , how 'd my car get here ?
I had it impounded . Come on , we 'll use it for haulin ' you back to the slam .
Back to jail in my own car . Ganz got away . Got all my money . It just do n't seem right .
I do n't know about you , but I could use a drink I 'll buy you one . It 'll be my good-bye present .
Sorry we did n't do better , Jack . I feel like I let you down .
Naw , you did n't let me down . It was a long shot all the way . We gave 'em a good run at it .
It 's late , they 're closing
Do n't worry about it .
Do I get to kiss her too ?
If she 's right , and if you do n't screw up .
What if your girl 's theory turns out to be bullshit ? I mean , they could be in Rio de Janeiro .
I 've got to play it rough with them . If they know anything , I 'm gon na know it .
If we run into Billy first , let me try and talk him in .
Sure , I 'll give you a shot at it , but Ganz is mine . You know , that big Indian plays it for keeps
Okay , reggie , start bustin ' my chops Tell me how great you were with that chick .
Hey , Jack , real men do n't have to go in for that macho bullshit but I was fantastic .
It 's your money . It 'll be here in six months when you get out .
And you 're tellin ' me you do n't want any of this cash ?
That 's right . Not my style , Reggie .
You are an awesomely weird cop . Sure wish there were more like you runnin ' around out here .
No , you do n't . If I ever get word of you steppin ' over the line again , I 'm gon na ventilate that suit of yours .
Spare met Jack . I 'm into legit investments from here on in .
Yeah . It bothers me when cops get hurt while I 'm makin ' a play . I do n't like it .
You might be more of a team player and a little less of a hot dog on this one , Jack .
Do n't duck the bullet Cates . Why did n't you call in for backup instead of makin ' a grandstand play ?
I did n't have the time .
Where the Christ do you think you 're going ?
I 'm taking my prisoner back to jail .
But that 's what you say about all of us all the tine we 're always the ones fucking up when you tell it
The truth hurts , does n't it , buddy ?
Somebody steals your gun , you 're supposed to file a report .
Are you gon na tell me about police procedure ? Do me a favor , do n't give me a bunch of crap .
Is that what this guy Ganz had in the hotel ?
Every last bit of it . The big guy 's room was empty .
Wait a minute , wait a minute who 's this ?
Uhh Wong , Henry Wong . He was in on the same job .
I think I wan na have a discussion about it with any of the ones still walking . Can we find them ?
Here 's the file . Cates checks the file .
I got to wait for a call .
Okay . See you in the morning you know , you ought to get some rest
Jesus Christ . Why the hell did n't you tell me before ?
I 'm not paid to take your personal calls . He was in some bar off duty .
Ganz and Billy got my girl , Rosalie .
I think I met her . Now tell us something we do n't know , like where they stashed her .
I do n't think your gun 's loaded
This is a.44 Magnum , the most powerful handgun in the world . You got ta ask yourself just one question . Are you feelin ' lucky ?
Are n't you the one that thinks all psychotherapy is bullshit ?
I do think all psychotherapy is bullshit . But just because I think it 's bullshit does n't mean I do n't know something about it .
You know , if you let me come over to your place once in a while , you could put on a clean shirt in the morning .
What makes you think I have any clean shirts at my place ?
Maybe you ought to buy me one .
Maybe I would if I knew when you were coming back .
That 's a fairly crummy way to start a morning .
Maybe I got a fairly crummy day ahead .
You know something , Jack , you really are hopeless .
That 's the way I see it , too .
Yeah , Guess it must have been a slow news day
Jack , are you okay ?
Listen , Goddamn it if you think I 'm happy about it , you 're nuts . I just got ta take care of a few things , okay ?
This is not the way people who care for each other are supposed to behave .
I 'm at work , asshole . Where else ?
Elaine ! I I 'm sorry I was expecting somebody else police business .
The number what 's the Goddamn number ?
Jack ? What was that ?
I ought to have you and your friend thrown out
Do n't . We 've had a hard night .
I can see that . Pardon me for saying so , but you look like shit . What happened ?
We and my pal here have been taking it on the chin for the last few hours
Nothing . No sign of Ganz . No sign of the Indian . Airport 's clean . Train station . Bus station . Docks Shit
Ganz is going to be hard to track . Just a pure schizo wires all crossed totally without any pattern kill anybody The Indian himself anybody
How 'd they take it back at headquarters ?
Usual bullshit . You make one smart move and everybody wants to be your friend You know somethin ' , shootin ' guys sucks . Especially compared to this .
I 'm not so sure I can say the same thing You do n't look like a cop .
Well , I been workin ' the other side of the street for the last few years . And you do n't exactly look like a shrink , wearin ' that dress
I want the money , asshole , what do you think ? The money that Reggie hid
I do n't know what you 're talkin ' about .
Instead of worryin ' about Reggie , you better worry about me
Do n't give me this , we were partners .
Billy , go ahead , break it
No ! Do n't kill her . I can get you the money .
Come on , you can trust me . Please .
You try to mess with us or go to the cops , I promise you , I 'll put holes in her you would n't believe .
Fuck you . You got no right for this kind of play .
I 'll got your money to you . No sweat .
Personally , they are of no interest to me , I 'd rather sell weapons , but I have a customer so tell me
Even it I did know where the stones were I would never tell somebody like you .
Father , by creating a little destruction , I am , in fact , encouraging life ! So , in reality , you and I are in the same business !
Destroying a glass is one thing , killing people with the weapons you produce is quite another .
Excuse me , I 'm looking for a priest .
Weddings are one floor down . Congratulations .
She 's not my bride , she 's my fare . She 's looking for this Vito Cornelius . According to the phone guide he lives here .
That 's me . But I do n't know who she is where did you find her ?
There 's not a moment to lose ! Wake her up , but be gentle about it ! This woman is mankind 's most precious possession ! She is perfect !
So you do know her .
Yes . That 's fine ! Thank you very much . A thousand times over !
I might call to check up on her , you know to see if she 's better ?
She 's fine , really , do n't you worry , just needs some rest . She 's had a very long trip .
I know . I was there when she arrived .
I 'm sorry to have to resort to such methods , but we heard about your good luck on he radio and we need the tickets to Fhloston .
Is that the usual way priests go on vacation ?
You 're probably very angry with me and I quite understand . But I want you to know I 'm fighting for a noble cause .
Yeah , I know to save the world but right now all I want to do is save Leeloo .
There 's no light ! You told me there were supposed to be four beams of light .
Yes , of course , but The Stones are shut ! They have to be open for it to work .
And you do n't know how they open , is that what you are saying ?
That 's what I 'm saying .
Your theory is interesting Father but I do n't think we have time to go into it right now !
Time is of no importance , Mr. President . Only life is important .
But what happens if instead of this Ultimate Warrior it is EVIL who stands here ?
White turns to black . Light to Dark . Life to Death . For all eternity .
Father , will you please explain what 's going on ?
The Supreme Being , the fifth element is here , in our parish ! It 's a miracle !
Father . You sure she 's the Supreme Being ?
Absolutely sure There 's the triple suns on her gloves !
I got it ! Everything here we need to know about Fhloston Paradise Hotel and a detailed blueprint of the entire hotel !
Good work , my son . Now all we need is a way to get there .
You 're all safe . Thanks be to God !
Later , David ! Later ! There 's not a minute to lose !
She was taught to love the life of others but not her own . You have to teach her to love if you want her to truly live !
I 'll help her , I promise , but I think you should tell me where the Stones are !
I do n't have time I need to know .
Listen , the last time I admitted to a woman I loved her I never saw her again .
I 'm sorry , but the Stones
They are with me
I love you too Major , but you have n't called me that since basic training .
I was talking to the cat .
Finger ! I 'm driving a cab now , not a space fighter !
How many points you got left on your license ?
I 'm sorry . Listen , I was on the way over but I had a fare fall into my lap , y'know one of those big fares you just ca n't resist .
So , just how big was this fare ?
Will the elements be gone now forever from this place ?
When mankind comes to its senses . We will return .
Knowing mankind as I do , that could take centuries !
Time is of no importance , only life is important .
I 'm coming ! . Ma , what 're you talking about ?
I get it ! You want to make me beg , is that it ?
You just won a trip , you dolt ! Ten days in Fhloston Paradise for two !
Ma . If I 'd won , I 'd know about it . Someone would have notified me .
My main man ! Please do n't leave me here alone . My head 's killing me and my adoring fans are gon na tear me apart ! Get me outta here !
I 'll take you to the bar , after that , you 're on your own .
Oh , yes ! Do that ! You treat me right , man . Tell me all about yourself , your roots , your personal life , your childhood dreams
I do n't think this is a good time
You know how to fly this thing ?
It 's like a cab is n't it ?
Solid little jobs , are n't they ?
Dear listeners , your favorite DJ is alive and kicking . It 's seven o'clock and time for the news . Tune in tomorrow for another adventure .
What did you say ? What did you do ?
Nothing ! Swear to God , I did n't do nothing !
You could n't come up with something a little more discreet ?
Old tricks are the best tricks eh ?
Sometimes you ca n't learn everything from a screen , sometimes it 's better to ask someone who has experience .
What is Make Love ?
You learned 900 languages in five minutes ? !
Yes ! Now it 's your turn ! I learned your language , you have to learn mine !
I told you I need to work in peace . Remember ? I need to concentrate .
And you ca n't concentrate with me around ? .
You 're nothing but a a
The words you 're looking for were n't in the dictionary you studied . I wo n't be long .
Five hundred wars Arms Drugs Money Everything you create is used to destroy
I told you not to read all that crap !
Leeloo ? The Stones ! We have to open them ! How does it work ?
The wind blows the fire burns
You can sleep tomorrow come on
I want to sleep forever
What 's the use of saving lives when you see what you do with them !
You 're right but there are lots of good things beautiful things
I have thousands of memories but none of them are mine There is no need for me other than this . I 'm immortal but I have no life .
Yes , you do ! I need you . More than you can imagine ! Stand up straight !
Sounds like a freak of nature to me .
Yes I ca n't wait to meet him .
I want your best man on this !
Do n't worry , Sir . I have the perfect one .
Lord forgive me . They already know too , much .
In which all the history of the Universe resides , all the strength , all the hope . Protect us from Evil .
A weapon against evil . Amazing ! I am going to be famous .
Then let us toast to your fame ! Here Billy .
How 's that ? Can you hear me better now ?
Yes , Mr. Zorg , I hear you perfectly ! So , how was the concert ?
What 's this have you been smoking ?
Smoking ? I 'm not smoking .
You better not be smoking , that 's all I can say .
Honey , I 'm not , please
You think you 'll have time for the water heater this weekend ?
Sure . I 'll call the guy .
You 're not using the same guy who tried to fix it ?
I 'm not using him again for anything . He was worthless . You have bridge here Saturday ?
Amy , just listen . Take Cindy and get out of the house . Do it now . Go to a hotel and stay there
What 's wrong ? Are you alright ?
What 's going on , Tom ? What happened ?
I ca n't tell you , Amy . You know I ca n't . You have to trust me
Why have n't you called ? Why do n't you answer your phone ?
I do n't know . I 'm sorry
You owe me an explanation . You ca n't treat me like this .
I wanted to call . I could n't .
No , I do n't , because you 're not telling me anything !
I was in hell . If I called you if I heard your voice it would have been so easy for me to quit . I could n't do that .
Look where we are . Look at yourself . You son of a bitch , you do n't have any idea what you 're putting me through
I do n't know what to say
She died in her sleep three days ago . It was in the paper
I just talked to her .
It 's an honor to meet you . Thank you for seeing us .
What can I do for you today ?
I 'd like to commission a work . I 'm a great admirer of yours .
Flattering . And , who 's your colorful little chum ?
You have a beautiful face the way the light hits it . I 'd like to take your picture . You do n't mind ?
I 'd rather you did n't .
You trust me to keep your money , but not to take your picture ?
Those are two different kinds of trust . Thank you for your time . I hope we can do business .
Empty the gun onto the table , very carefully .
Look , I do n't know what this
Can you guess what I 'm going to say next ?
He does n't know anything he 's got nothing to do with this
There are reasons for the way we do things here .
Absolutely . Of course I 'll abide by whatever decision you make , but I 'd appreciate if you 'll hear me out
For whatever reasons I thought you might be more receptive .
Why do n't they come to me ?
They 're putting themselves in place of this kid 's parents and thinking they 'd want to hear their girl 's okay , even if that 's all they hear .
I can give you my card , if your clients want to call me
They were pretty clear they did n't want this coming back on them .
Well , that 's all I can do . Sorry .
It 's horrible , but it 'll be your best friend after a few days . I hope you realize what kind of long shot you 're chasing after .
You 're gon na be seeing a lot of me . You 're sure you do n't mind ?
What do you want to know ? You saw it , you saw the loop
Nobody saw you bring her in ?
I do n't know out there somewhere .
Where ? Show me where .
Maybe there 's something wrong with the scumbag customers coming into your place , ever think of that ?
The only thing wrong is the cheap , softcore crap you 're peddling , Eddie . Where do you get this stuff ?
You were the middleman , am I right ? Old man Christian was n't about to go shopping for a snuff film himself .
Would n't exactly have been possible for a man of his stature .
That 's why you got scared when Mrs. Christian hired me . You knew about the film , figured it had to be in that safe . How 'd you find me ?
Never mind how I found you .
Followed me must have freaked out when you saw me closing in on your buddies
They 're no friends of mine .
Except , you 're willing commit murder with them .
None of this would be happening if you would have left it alone . If you were n't digging up a girl who died six years ago . A girl no one even remembers .
Mary Anne Mathews was alive till you paid money to have her murdered .
Shut your mouth and drive !
A man like Mr. Christian , a great man all his money , all his power a man who attained everything there was to attain
Why did he buy a film of some poor , lost girl getting butchered ?
My boss tells me I have to do more suggestive selling .
Well , it 's tempting , but no thanks .
Once you pick it up you ca n't put it down .
Catchy title . What are you really reading ? Hard to believe that book 's got any parts worth highlighting .
I need some information . Thought you might be able to help .
Thomas Welles . Nice picture .
Well , here 's the deal , Max . This thing I 'm on right now has something to do with underground pornography . Stuff that 's sold under the counter , illegally
There 's not much illegal .
Here 's my number if you need it When can you start ?
Tomorrow night , I get off at eight .
I heard you asking . That guy was n't yanking you around . There 's no such thing .
What other ways are there to get illegal films ? Who do you see ?
I do n't mean any offense but what are you doing mixed up in all this ?
I 'm not mixed up in anything , hayseed . What are you talking about ?
Out of the back of bondage magazines mostly , but you can find it on the street if you look . He 'll also do commissions , for enough money
Nothing illegal , it 's always borderline . Like if some freak wants to see a transvestite in a full rubber immersion suit getting an enema from a
Well , I 'm in New York now . What do you say to flying out and giving me a hand ?
I 'm a working stiff , pops .
Take a vacation . I 'll pay you four hundred a day , plus expenses .
You want me to come out there and play private eye ?
You did n't say it was gon na be this luxurious .
It 's their Presidential Suite .
Oh , come on , man , what are we doing in this flea bag ?
It 's cheap , and people know to mind their own business . What have you got for me ?
You do n't need to be here .
What kind of Junior P.I . would I be if I did n't go with you ?
I know if I had to pick , it 'd be Choke , or Devil .
Devil frightened me as much as it excited me , but I 'd be hard pressed to choose a favorite .
I 've spoken to friends of mine and my husband 's , in Harrisburg , in Lancaster and Hershey . Asking about you . I must say you have friends in influential places .
I 've been privileged to provide services for people I admire .
His passing has left me with something of a dilemma . A terrible , terrible dilemma .
I 'll do whatever I can to help .
Do you carry a gun , Mr. Welles ?
I wear a gun when I can tell a client expects me to . Other than that , there 's never any reason .
It 's a film of a girl being murdered .
I 'm afraid I do n't
If you were to study it you 'd see the camera cutting away you 'd see the tricks they can play
I 'm telling you it 's not that .
I 'm sure it is . It 's probably something your husband was given as a bad joke . More than likely he never even watched it .
Will you watch it and see for yourself ?
You you need to go to the police .
I told you I ca n't , not yet .
I deal in divorce cases . Corporate investigations
You 've found missing persons before .
I 'm not positive this means anything .
The checks were for odd amounts
One was for two hundred thousand , one dollar and thirteen cents . Another was for three hundred thousand , six hundred fifty four dollars and seventy six cents
Okay , I follow you so far
You told me to look , so I looked .
You 're one hell of a detective , Mrs. Christian .
How are you ? Having any luck ?
I do n't know if luck 's the word . Are you feeling alright ?
I 've been ordered into bed . The doctor says I 've gotten the flu , or some other wretched ailment .
I hope it 's nothing serious .
Nothing more than a bother . Have you any news for me ?
I 've made progress . I 'm in Manhattan . Once a few more pieces fall into place , I 'll drive to you and give you an update .
I 've got about five thousand left in cash , but I 'll need another thirty , if you approve .
How will I get it to you ?
September 4th , 1993 . About a year after Mary disappeared .
We were divorced by then . Things fell apart he was living with a friend
Why do you think he did it ?
It got to be too much for him .
I had to ask . I apologize .
No one knows what it 's like . You ca n't even imagine how much it hurts .
Do you think the police did a good job ?
I do n't know . I think so .
How how can you say that to me ?
Will you let me look ?
I think about it everyday . But , every time the phone rings every single time , I still think it 's her .
It 's been six years .
He raped her and and and he murdered her he cut her up with knifes
No no no
They killed her , and they took her out in the forest somewhere and they buried her
Why why are you doing this to me ?
Do you know what happened to her ?
I 'm trying to find out . She was a runaway . I 'm looking into it for her parents .
No , sir , he is not .
He 's an imbecile . I tried to warn my daughter , but what can you do ?
The um you 'll find my invoice in the envelope . If that 's all
Yes , Mister Welles , thank you .
Okay , I 'll take it all .
Excellent . we accept MasterCard and American Express .
Alright . May I have your phone number , area code first ?
No , you may not .
The mirror . You ca n't see yourself in it .
I do n't want to .
Yeah . She 'd be half as strict as you .
But she would n't let Dad treat me like that .
Does n't the dream master work for you anymore ?
I ca n't find him .
Hey , since when do you play Thomas Edison ? This looks like Sheila 's .
It is was . It 's a zapper , it might help me stay awake .
I ca n't go back to sleep again .
I have n't slept much either . Since Kristen
Here you are . Where were you this morning ? Rick 's looking all over for you .
Have you seen Joey and Kincaid ! God , I ca n't find them . I ca n't find them anywhere .
My mom taught me when I was little . Did you ever hear of the dream master ?
Sounds like a game show host to me .
I daydream . you have to dream about some place fun . Remember you 're in control .
How 'd you learn so much about dreams ?
I know . I hardly have any time to study .
Maybe you should n't be working here so much . You do n't want to get stuck waiting tables for the rest of your life .
Rick stayed later after school with Kristen . She was n't feeling very well .
Tell him I was looking for him , okay ? I 'm Dan .
I was there in the dream . He took her . It was awful . It was awful
In her dream ?
No , do n't ! I gave Sheila to him and now she 's dead !
Kristen 's story really got to her .
No offense , or anything , but it 's kind of hard to swallow .
The story is , the deaths you ca n't argue with .
Alright , let 's assume this whole thing is true . Why does Freddy all of a sudden need you ?
Kristen was the last child left of the people who killed Freddy . Maybe Freddy ca n't get to new kids without someone like me . Someone to bring them to him .
Yeah , right . Let 's trade death by Freddy for life in a rubber room . Adults wo n't see it . They ca n't .
Then what else can we do ?
He 's going after Debbie , I got ta stop him .
Hey , you 're not alone . We have to stop him , I 'm with you .
As long as your driving does n't kill us .
It 's okay , we 're just about there .
He 's going after Debbie . I got ta stop him .
You know , I get the weirdest feeling we 've been through this before .
So what 's up ? What 'd I miss ?
She told us the story of Freddy . It 's a town legend . He was a child killer who was freed on a technicality .
Hey man , we 're all sorry
She knew she was gon na die .
Honey , we went over this in therapy .
Mother , you 've just murdered me . Take that to your goddamn therapy
Now you know who and what Freddy really is .
I though Freddy was just an old town story .
It 's okay , babe . We 're with you .
I told you you ca n't help . This is n't a normal nightmare . I 'm doomed .
I got ta get out of here .
You just stay put . You need rest .
Frankly , dear , we wondered what you intend to do with our baby ?
What I what ? Well , I 've thought about it . I plan to keep him .
Look , I appreciate what you 're offering , but no . He is my responsibility .
And ours . It 's our grandchild .
In your present condition , Alice , we 're worried about your ability
What are you talking about ? My condition ?
We know you 've been through a lot but there 's more than your feelings at stake here .
You 're not taking my baby !
Should n't you be in your room , Jacob ?
It 's lonely in there , in my room .
I 'm sorry your boyfriend got killed .
How did you know that ?
I do n't think this is a nice place for you to be . Maybe we should go find your Mom .
She does n't want me around
No you 're not . You do n't even care about being a mom . How come you do n't think about me ?
Who said I wait , what ?
Who says I do n't like you ?
My friend , with the funny hand .
Okay , babe . What 's the matter ?
Nothing it 's just I did n't see my father at the ceremony .
I was afraid you were n't coming .
I watched from behind the stands . Did n't want to embarrass you , ya know . The drunk showed up , that kind of thing
That 's in the past . Unless you 've stopped going to the meetings .
No . A deal 's a deal .
Since when are you such a smart shopper ?
Since my little girl became a mom
Hey , what 's wrong with you let 's see a smile .
Had kind of a long night .
Dan keeping you up again ? Put a lock on that window , girl .
No , the Dan part was nice
Good to see you again , Mr. Grey . I 've got to go find Dan .
Yeah , before they revoke his diploma .
It was no accident . It was Krueger . He used to get in through my dreams , but not anymore . He 's found some other way .
Alice , it 's no dream . I 'm sorry Dan 's dead .
Have you visited the little boy on my floor ? Jacob , the one who looks kind of sad ?
There are n't any little boys on your floor .
What 's that got to do with it ?
When Dan died you were n't even asleep . You said so . End of story .
It was just an accident . Like with Dan .
No accident . I tried to warn all of you about Krueger .
I do n't understand what 's happening . Krueger has to use my dreams , but he got to Dan and Greta while I was awake . How 's he doing it ?
Why do n't you two stick to reality .
You had me scared on the phone . What 's wrong with the baby ?
I think Krueger 's trying to do something to it .
Oh , Alice no . Honey , I love you but you 're going to have to get a hold of yourself
Mark knows I 'm not crazy . Ask him to show you his hands .
I really think you need to calm down now , okay ?
I just ca n't figure out how he 's getting in when I 'm awake
Look we 're all tired . None of us had any sleep since Friday night
That 's the only reason you 're alive
You think that 's the place she 's buried ?
If they actually bothered to bury her .
Give up , Mark , it 's hopeless .
I think I 'm starting to wear her down . Have some anyway .
Not to mention the heartbreak of psoriasis .
Greta , come on . One burger with me ?
My dad 's got this thing about drinking in the house .
Well we got ta do something !
I 've got to write some of this down .
That 's why it 's my fault Dan 's dead .
Maybe it was her mother who killed her , with all that Polly Perfect shit .
It was n't her mother . The only reason we 're still here is that none of us has slept since the grad party .
Tell me some more about this Krueger guy .
Why do n't I go make some coffee . There 's a lot to tell .
I could n't do that , Mark . He 's my last link with Dan No , I want him .
Then we 'll find another way .
No , it 's our problem , Mark . If I do n't deal with this , they really might try to take Jacob . You said she committed suicide ?
That 's what the newspapers thought . She spent the rest of her life in the asylum . After Krueger 's trial she flipped out and hung herself , so they thought .
They could n't prove it . No body ! Nuns bumping themselves off is bad for business .
But I 've seen her grave .
Yeah , when are you gon na come to your senses ?
Next life . Oh , what 's that ?
Meet me later . Milkshakes . Cherry pie . Banana splits . And no mom !
Pimples , heartburn , cellulite and no modeling career .
That club sucks , they card everybody . Let 's just party at your place .
You know my mother get real . What about Alice 's ?
Oh man ! I could 've gone all night without looking at that .
I do n't believe this All that gore you paint in the comics and you 're squeamish ?
These things are wild What do you think ?
Makes you look like a nun
Have another one , sounds like you need it .
Naah , I 'm done . Got to be on shift in a couple hours . Are n't you going in ?
Stop saying that , it 's bullshit .
I want to talk about the baby .
Look . Dan 's parents were pushing him . Pushing him hard . He was bitching about it at the party last night . He was under pressure . We all are .
Pushy parents can make you more than a bit crazy .
Bottom line , Alice . Anybody , supernatural or not , that wants to hurt you - he 'll have to go through us first .
All of us . Right ?
Dan . And he 's taking Alice with him pretty good dive Yvonne . You 've been practicing .
Two hours a day , six days a week .
I 'm not finished - I loved Greta . A lot . And if maybe , just maybe , someone or some thing killed her , I 'd like to hear about it !
I ca n't listen to this .
My father ! He 's not - ?
Dead ? Matter of fact , he 's much better . He 's left the hospital .
You all wait here . I 'm going inside , take a look .
Not alone , you 're not !
Hey - you know somethin ' ? It 's getting lighter in here !
You know - it is ?
And if I did n't know better - I 'd swear we were moving !
Let 's get back to work , and maybe we will be , soon .
Is there any way out of it ?
Seems to be all around
With their underwater experience , they 'll be invaluable . Take sidearms , and flare pistols
Sidearms ? But the saucer 's dead .
The inertial navigation system . Must have been knocked out in the crash .
Why do you say that ?
Now they feel it down below .
Radiation level constantly rising
We took for granted his source of energy was nuclear . But suppose it is n't at all - what if it 's magnetic ?
We harness energy on a small scale by cutting magnetic lines of force . Maybe Cyclops does it on a super scale
The radiation level - from the saucer - it 's rising !
What direction does the system indicate ?
Thought you were going to Washington , Skipper .
I did go . Just back . Reef , these are a couple of our passengers - Sir Ian Hunt , and Dr. Clifford Kent . My exec , Commander Richard Holloway .
A hundred and eighty fathoms ! We ca n't be sinking that fast
It 's the screws , Skipper . At our declination angle , running in reverse , they 're pulling the Shark and Cyclops right to the bottom .
Straight to the Pole - at almost fifty knots !
Nothing we can do , now .
Why not me ? What am I - the closing act ?
On the contrary . I want you - unharmed - perfect .
You plotted the course of Cyclops ? Then that 's our course ! Wherever he goes , we go until we get him !
Or , perhaps , until he gets us ?
We 've asked ourselves that - over and over - a thousand times .
But answers are what we need - not more questions !
Cyclops will have to linger at the Pole to recharge his power banks .
All right - go to it .
You got yourself a computer , Alma .
Been putting my files into it . You take sugar and milk ?
Well , you look sad . Upset . I do n't mean to pry . I 'm sorry about your mother . It was a nice funeral .
Alma , I think there 's some dirty business going on in this town .
I know he 's due for the last two years . I was thinking of paying it when the insurance comes in .
Has anybody offered to buy it ?
The good news is we have n't got to your car yet . The bad news
Just tell me when you 'll have it fixed .
I screwed up the divorce . I agreed with everything she said . I wanted her to like me . I just want to be a good father .
It would help if you were married , if there was someone at home while you work .
It looks pretty hopeless , do n't it ?
No , not exactly . I 'll look at the divorce decree , see if we can get it redrawn . Interview your daughter . Jill , right ?
Might as well take the rest of the day off . You look sort of fucked up . You 've been paid for the day , anyhow , right ?
Not exactly . I mean , he never paid me .
Maybe I can buy him off . I got ta talk to Mel .
You ca n't buy Wade off .
It 's not enough snow , not for tracking the bastards . No advantage there , kid .
Do n't worry , Mr. Twombley , I know where those suckers are . Rain or shine , snow or no snow . I know deer . We 'll kill us a buck today . Guaranteed . Before ten .
Done much shooting with that rifle yet ?
Tell you what . You get me close to a big buck by ten , kid , there 's another hundred bucks in it .
I get it . No sweat . You 'll get yourself a deer and you 'll get him dead . And you 'll have him by coffee time .
And you 'll get your extra hundred bucks .
Fresh tracks . Deer shit . Big one . Here 's your buck , Mr. Twombley . I 'll circle around .
You only got a little while if you want your hundred bucks .
I thought I told you to move that truck !
Relax , Chief . We 're leaving . You wan na toke ?
Got a job first thing in the morning , first day of season . Saturday I 'll hunt for myself . Twombley something . - Er
Evan . He 's a mucky-muck union official from Massachusetts . You 're lucky .
You bring him up yourself ? That 's a steep climb .
The ambulance guys lugged him up .
I never seen a man shot before . Not even in the service . Must be something .
Well , I did n't actually see him do it . Like I said .
Twombley sure as hell wo n't be shooting it again .
He sure as hell wo n't .
Open the door . We 're late .
I mean it you got enough money now . Head out for California . Surf 's up , Jack , and you 're digging wells in the snow .
I bet you did lots of bad things .
What are you talking about ?
I just think you used to be bad .
No . I did n't used to be bad . No sir . Where do you get this stuff ? From your mother ?
Go on , Jill . Some of those kids you still know .
I do n't want to .
You are home . There are lots of kids you still know here .
I do n't want to be here . Do n't worry , I love you , Daddy , I do . But I want to go home .
Come and get you ! Shit ! It 's a damn half hour drive each way . Why did n't you talk to me about it first ?
See , I knew you 'd be mad .
Yeah . Yeah , right , I 'm mad . What 'd you tell her , for Christ sake ?
I told her I wanted to come home . Daddy , do n't be mad at me .
Sit right there by yourself if you want . Wait for her by yourself . That 's fine with me . Just dandy . I 'm going downstairs .
That 's fine with me too . When Mommy comes , tell her I 'm up here .
You ca n't have nothing , Jill . We need lunch . Mr. Pizza ?
Same thing , Daddy . Mommy says
I know what Mommy says . I 'm in charge today , though .
Okay . So we 'll get what you want . What do you want ?
Please do n't cry . Please , honey .
What are you sorry for ?
I do n't know . For the food business . I guess . I just thought , you know , we 'd sneak a Big Mac on Mommy , like we used to .
I want to go home .
Jill , please , it 's alright . Nothing happened .
I want to go home .
We 're looking for the funniest costume ! And the scariest ! And the most imaginative ! And the best costume of all !
Got here just in time . Go ahead . Jump in line . Maybe you 'll win a prize .
You do n't want the extra police pay ?
I 'm not saying that .
Fuck . Turn it off . All you heard was there was some kinda accident ?
Twombley 's shot . I heard that . Not Jack . He 's okay , I assume .
He more than likely just shot himself in the foot or something . That 's what usually happens .
I shoulda sent you instead of Jack .
What the fuck . My day 's already ruined . Give me the keys . You can go back with Jack . You still got a shitload of plowing to do .
It ai n't done , if that 's what you mean .
Sorry about the long lunch . My clutch is going out again .
You ever think of getting a new car , Wade ?
What do I have to do for it ?
Nothing , Wade , I 've been thinking . You do n't get enough appreciation around here and it 's time we changed things a little .
He say anything about the summons I tried to give him ? Sonofabitch would n't accept it .
Wade , that was n't smart . Going out right after the man 's father-in-law shot himself . Let it go . Call it a favor to me .
Wade , you 're done . Let me have the shop keys .
You two , do n't you get it ? He 's using you . You 're his slaves . Jesus Christ , Jack , do n't you see that ?
Me and Jill , we just had a little spat . She felt kind of left out , I guess , from not knowing some of the new kids
Where is she now ? Is she in the truck with your friends ?
You ever come to your father 's grave anymore ?
No , not anymore . It 's too it 's too far .
Low as what ? What have I done ? It 's bad to want to see your own daughter ?
You know what I 'm talking about . For what you 're doing to me and to the child you say you love so much . Love . You wo n't get away with it .
Are you okay , Wade ? What was wrong ? Why were you holding everyone up ?
Did you see that sonofabitch in the BMW ? He could 've killed somebody .
Do n't worry . I can protect my virtue . I mean , c'mon , Wade , give me a break .
See you tomorrow , maybe .
Jack 's sort of sensitive , I guess . More than most . But he 'll be okay in a few weeks .
There 's something funny about that shooting . There 's lots funny about it , actually .
Everybody needs money . Except guys like Twombley and that sonofabitch son-in-law of his . People like that .
Jack would n't kill for it . Besides , who would pay him ?
I can see what you looked like as a kid .
You knew me as a kid .
Did you tell them ? That we were coming ?
Do n't you think it 's proper for a fella to introduce his girl to his parents ?
Are you sure they 're home ? Did you call ?
The truck 's here . Looks like they 've stayed inside since the snow started .
Do n't lie to me . You 're leaving me , I can see that .
Do n't be silly . Hi , Jill .
I said , 'Next time , phone ahead . '
Jesus Christ . Mr. Gordon , when I come all the way to serve somebody a summons , I do n't call ahead for an appointment .
What the hell are you talking about ?
I 'm issuing you a ticket . Moving violation .
Doing your fucking job . I know . I watch television too .
Yes . Here 's your ticket .
He 's asleep . We were up very late .
Well , yes , I 'm I want to say that I 'm real sorry about your father , Mrs. Twombley .
Wade , I got a message for you . Jack Hewitt , he 's looking for you . Wants you to clear your stuff out of his office in Town Hall .
His office . You mean my old office .
Well , I guess that 's what he said .
He got his deer yet ?
How you and Ma doing ? Have n't seen you in town for a while .
We 're alright . Your Ma 's sleeping . You want me to get her ?
Why did n't you call and have the furnace fixed ?
Wade . I thought she was alright . Till this morning she was .
Listen , it 's no big deal , Pop .
Come on , smart guy . Tell how it 's no big deal . Tell me how a single one of you is worth a single hair on that woman 's head .
Love ! What the fuck do you know about love ?
Love ! I 'm made of love !
Nothing in the fucking house to drink . Not a fucking thing . My house , my money , my truck stolen !
I do n't know you . My goddamn father and I do n't know you .
Yeah , brother , look , I was calling cause has there been anything on TV in Boston about a hunting accident with a guy named Twombley , Evan Twombley ?
There was something . It happened up your way .
It 'll come out Jack lied and the kid 'll get hung for it .
He was scheduled to testify for a committee investigating organized crime in New England and the construction business .
Pointless to stand around in church with nothing to do , I guess .
What about Jill ? Is Lillian bringing her ?
I want to let the gas run out . I do n't want the bastard driving drunk , and he 's always drunk now . After , we 'll hide the keys .
Anything new about the shooting ? Twombley ?
I guess it was an accident , like everybody thinks .
Want to know what I think happened ?
Who 'd pay him that kind of money ? Not the mob . They got their own guys . Specialists .
They would n't deal with a guy like Jack . Who else benefits if Twombley is suddenly dead ?
So Mel Gordon would n't want a professional hit . That 'd make the feds dig deeper . He wants an accident .
A hunting accident is perfect .
Right 's right , goddamnit ! Do n't you care what 's right ?
I care about what happened . The truth . I 'm a student of history , remember ?
I hate to disappoint you , but I do n't think it happened .
Of course it happened . Why would I lie about it ?
It may have happened , but not the way you said .
You think I would n't remember a thing like that ?
It was n't me . I was n't there , but I heard about it . When I heard about it , it was about Elbourne .
We 'd have to go digging in Vietnam to ask him .
And Elbourne and Mom took you to the doctor and told him you fell from the hay loft .
Well , I never heard that one .
It 's not like he has n't made us wait a few times .
Well , you are n't the President , dear .
You do n't want to say hi to your father ?
I 'm sure he 's busy .
He 's in a meeting . He ca n't be disturbed .
I 'm sorry , honey .
When I write my memoirs I think I 'll devote an entire chapter to the cocoa aboard Air Force One .
Your father never means to be so
You 're right and I 'll tell you a secret . I know exactly how you feel .
Big secret . You said the same thing to Newsweek .
You 're one of Stravanavitch 's men .
So , you study world events , little one . That 's good for a girl your age .
The woman you shot . She was my friend .
That 's the way of the world , little one . Did n't they teach you that in school ?
Oh NY god oh my god oh my god
It 's okay , honey . I got you . I got you . You 're okay .
The Americans say they are escorting a damaged plane . Our pilots confirm they are surrounding a 747 .
Did we warn them off ?
It 's some kind of trick a preliminary airstrike in response to our troop movement .
They are in our airspace . We would be within our rights .
The pilot says it is does not have the markings of a commercial jet .
Warn then again . If they do n't respond shoot them down . We will not be intimidated .
Pop it open . There should be a red switch , toggle it up .
Okay , it 's on . We 've got some indicator lights here .
U.S. Pilots , this is Air Force One .
Copy Air Force One . Welcome to the party .
Two and three are heading toward the Boeing .
Okay . We 're gon na arc a fat one to the right . Got it ?
Uh , we got a problem here .
Just stay on my wing , sir . I 'll take you all the way in .
No . We 're losing fuel and my rudder 's not responding .
Lem me take a look .
He 's dead then . They must have killed him .
We do n't know that .
Walter , if you have a point , make it .
That kid 's name was Jim Marshall .
It was a good ad-lib , sir .
Thanks . Wrote it last night .
General Greely says it looks like the Middle East .
Does your office have anything to add , Mr. Dean ?
They still have the President , it 's past their deadline and they have n't called . What do you think it means ?
Like any good poker player , they 're checking over their hand seeing which cards to play and which to discard .
If challenged , our fighters are to state that they are on a rescue mission .
Iraqi 's wo n't buy it . Either they 're already in on this or they 'll think we 're spying .
The Chief Justice ? What on earth for ?
To swear you in as President .
You 're duty to what ? The country you served does n't exist anymore .
My loyalty was never to my country .
Please change course to Zero Seven Four and drop to eighteen thousand feet . Over .
Air Force One , acknowledged . tNT . EMERGENCY PARACHUTE LAUNCH RAMP .
We 've stopped dumping but we 've only got about twenty minutes of fuel left .
We 're not going to make it .
Tower , Air Force One has been boarded .
Romeo Tango Zulu , copy One the television , graphics of the First Family against the Presidential Seal .
Ms. Mitchell . So nice to finally meet you in person .
The President and I were delighted that we could accommodate you . Now if you 're all cleared ? You can follow me then .
I 'm responsible for Press Relations for the Flight Office .
How are your fellow hostages feeling , Ms. Mitchell ?
You 're pointing a gun at me .
Very good . Thank you , Ms. Mitchell .
Fear will keep you alive . Any one who is not afraid is bound to do something foolish , and bound to die .
What do you want with us ?
What do you know of my husband ?
I know he left you behind .
Nor will there be . My husband does not negotiate with terrorists .
You will be the first to pay for that mistake .
The world is such a dangerous place and we ca n't always protect our children .
Please . You can kill me but leave my daughter alone .
You got what you wanted . You going to release us now ?
You 're very valuable . And our nation needs so many things .
She is n't a part of this . This is between you and me .
Call up Petrov and order Stravanavitch ' S release .
The taste of defeat is bitter , no ?
One thing I 've learned as
Madame Vice president . We have an options paper . chandler takes the options paper , waves off Lee , and reads it as she talks .
Yes . You 've made yourself quite clear .
We 've already played our cards , Major . There 's no turning back .
We ca n't jump from here or at this speed . But if we could get a message out - tell the refueling plane
Get `em ready . You come with me .
Eighteen thousand feet , sir . And two hundred knots otherwise it 's suicide .
Do n't . I know spin control when I feel it .
Rose , I do n't have time for this .
I miss you . And I miss her .
But that 's the point , Jim . We 're right here .
I 'll make it up to you , I promise .
I should trust that promise ? Because you know the voters are still waiting for that middle class tax cut .
I do n't know why you stayed .
Please do n't start with me .
Did they say anything about my family ?
They 're still alive , but the loyalists plan to start killing hostages in forty minutes .
Sir , the President does not call this particular number . So whoever you are get a life , before I have this call traced .
You do n't understand . This is an emergency . Let me talk to anyone .
Okay if you 're the President , when 's your wife 's birthday ?
Look lady , I do n't have time for games . Just put the
Thank you for calling the white House
No . no . no . Wait . Wait .
CBS said they 'll give us four minutes . They thought the Russian was a nice touch .
I always wondered if my freshman Russian class would come in handy .
With all due respect , sir , maybe you should give them this one . Your numbers are still pretty low and you called in a lot of chips to nail Stravanavitch .
I might still have a few chips left .
We could always put you in a duck blind with a twelve gauge . The second amendment types 'll love that .
This is a crime bill , Shep . Killing a couple ducks wo n't get it through committee . Besides , Shep , I told you I do n't shoot babies and I do n't kiss guns .
It 's bait . Do n't take it .
Sir , the Speaker of the House attacked this administration on national television . You ca n't afford to leave that hanging .
I said it 's not worth the fight . Steward , please .
We 'll just say it was in bad taste .
Mr. President they 're ready for you in the conference room .
Okay . Hey , pumpkin , you 'll tell me all about it later , right ?
Mr. President , how the hell did you get on board ?
I never left . Where 's my wife and daughter ?
My god . I think that was a MiG .
A MiG ? Where the hell are we ?
Iraq , sir . We 're over Iraq .
Iraq ? Shep , you 're fired .
Twenty five minutes . They should be here any moment .
They better . Fuel 's almost gone .
And what do the boys on the board know about safety , Commissioner ? Let me talk to them .
Bud , get wise to the political realities . The boys on the board are under a lot of pressure from the boys downtown .
That 's right , Commissioner . Senselessly murdered just minutes ago .
That just does n't make any sense .
I wonder how your boys in Washington are going to take this one .
I told you , leave the boys in Washington to the boys downtown and the boys down
Sir , I 've got an overload in disposal unit four .
You better check on it , Mr. Dunn . I 'll stay here and fly the ship .
Ted , you 're overworked . You 've been flying yourself into the ground .
There 's nothing wrong with me !
Let 's relax tonight , just the two of us . I 'll make a quiet Italian dinner just the way you like it , with spaghetti .
You 're as bad as the rest of them , Elaine ! It 's all here in the design specifications ! Look ! It 's all here !
Eat this spaghetti , Ted . It 'll make you feel a lot better .
Who 's that , Ted ?
Elaine , when are you going to realize Simon Kurtz put me in here to get me out of the way .
And when are you going to realize , Ted , that your mental hygiene is the most important thing right now .
No goodbyes , Elaine . Just go .
If that 's the way you want it .
That 's the way I want it . Just turn the radio on and go .
Goodbye , Ted . I do n't want to hurt you .
Elaine , we have to go back .
We ca n't go back . We had something very special , but it 's all over .
Ted , get a grip on yourself . You should never have left the hospital .
Then you do think I 'm insane .
I 've never used the word insane , Ted .
What word would you use , Elaine ?
The word is sick . Ted very , very , very sick .
What would you say if I told you the toilet just blew up in my face .
Elaine , I 'm going back there . Just hold onto that stick and try to control this hunk of tin as best you can .
Ted , please be careful .
Well , Elaine , this might be it if those guys on the ground do n't think of something .
I just want you to know , I love you Ted and always will .
What will happen to him , Ted ?
The sun will heat that thing to over 450 degrees within seconds . He 'll roast like a pig on a spit .
So you see , our task is n't made any easier by Ted 's refusal to admit that he 's sick .
What can I do , Doctor Rumack ?
The brain is an amazingly complex organ , Elaine .
Is he making any progress , Doctor ?
Women and the space program have come a long way , sweetheart . But after the wedding , no more complicated computers for my little girl .
But , darling , they 've offered me a chance to head up the computer analysis division for the Jupiter probe .
Frank 's the best pilot in the program .
I 'm so excited , Simon .
I guess this is a first for you .
No , I 've been excited before .
Elaine ! Ted 's a danger to himself , he 's a threat to this mission and his behavior does absolutely nothing to promote peace in the Middle East .
Simon , why has he become so so
Meet me onboard , sweetheart . I have to pick up a few things at the drugstore .
Do n't be too long .
I do n't think we have any alternative , Captain .
I see . What do you think our alternatives are ?
I 'd rather sit down for this one , Elaine .
No , I mean you can do it from the cockpit .
Elaine , I 'm sorry about that little outburst a moment ago .
That 's okay , ROK .
Will Scraps be able to sit with us , Dad ?
We 'll have to check , Jimmy . It 's a pretty long trip to Mercury .
I sure an glad they let Scraps ride up here with us .
I bet Scraps is going to love Mercury .
Do you think things will be a lot different on Mercury , Dad ?
It 's going to be terrific . A whole new world , new kids to play with .
Take this , Joey . It 's my last few bucks . You 'll need a hot meal when you get there .
We 've spent everything on these operations . Is it really worth it ? We 've pawned your mother 's wedding ring . The kids have no winter clothes
Joey , what 's more important , the kids ' clothes or your sexual potency .
I do n't want to hear that word !
Joe , you do n't want to blow that thing and kill all these innocent people .
I do n't want to live anymore .
A couple eggs and juice would be nice , Mary . Over .
How would you like your eggs , Captain ? Over .
Captain , the coffee machine is jammed and I do n't like it .
Have you tried it with a little cinnamon ?
It 's a privilege to meet you , sir , I 'm familiar with all your work .
Let 's go , Daddy . We have to check in . He was never appreciated at the Institute .
No , dammit . It 's a matter of life or death .
You 'll have to be more specific than that , sir .
All right , it 's a matter of death .
Death , death . How about the first Thursday in March , ten o'clock .
You 're seeing bugs where they do n't exist , Striker .
Look at this wiring . It 's shorting out under high temperatures .
You 're tired , Striker , overworked . That wiring meets all the safety specifications .
I know you 've been subtly spreading the word that I 'm having a breakdown .
Do n't talk to me about Elaine . Outta my way !
Pull yourself together ! We 've got to
Excuse me , are you alright ? I noticed you talking to yourself . I 'm a nurse . Can I be of some help ?
Uh oh , thank you . It 's nothing .
Do you want to talk about it .
I opened this panel and a vacuum cleaner hit me .
Love 's the same as it always was . It 's people who change .
People change in relation to each other . Love changes on its own .
Not if the people change together in relation to that love .
Sure . But that 's only when the love itself goes unchanged .
Then the relationship remains the same and the love changes only when there 's change in the two people who share that love .
I just wish it was that simple . We really were in love . You know how it is when you laugh all the time .
No , thank you . I take it black . Like my men .
Were you vacationing in Los Angeles ?
But I think it 's time we stopped talking about me . A woman like you why have n't you ever married ?
Well , I 'm afraid that 's a question that 's all too easy to answer .
I know the answer Career . A smart woman like you became so involved in your work , you did n't have time for marriage .
I wish I could fool myself into believing that that 's the reason . The truth of the matter is , nobody ever asked me .
I 'm sure we 'll both make it but just in case one of us well , is there a message you 'd like me to give someone ?
No . I 'm all alone .
Just in case I do n't have a chance to say goodbye , I want you to know that I have n't spent so many pleasant hours for many years .
That 's a very nice compliment , and I 'd like to say that you 've done the same for me .
Hello , I 'm Paul Carey from the airline . I 'm here to pick up Captain Kramer .
Oh , yes . Come in , Paul . Rex will be right out .
Shep , sit sit ! So , I understand you 've got a real emergency down there .
Well , to tell the truth , they really did n't fill me in on many of the details . Just told me to pick up Captain Kramer .
Yeah , something like that , but as I say , they did n't have time to tell me very much .
Shep , no ! I 'll bet you have exciting things happen all the time down there .
Will the hospital equipment be at the airport ?
Yes , everything they 've got . How are the passengers doing ?
I wo n't deceive you , Mister Striker . We 're running out of time .
Surely there must be something you can do .
You ca n't take a guess for another two hours ?
No , I mean we ca n't land for another two hours . Fog has closed down everything this side of the mountains . We 've got to go through to Chicago !
We have some passengers who are very sick . Could you come and take a look at them ?
Yes . Yes , of course .
You 'd better tell the Captain . We 've got to land as soon as we can . This woman has to be gotten to a hospital .
A hospital ? What is it ?
What was it we had for dinner tonight ?
Well , we had a choice . Steak or fish .
Just how serious is it , doctor ?
Extremely serious . It starts with a slight fever .
I came home early and found your note . I guess you meant for me to read it later . Elaine , I 've got to talk to you .
I just do n't want to go over it any more .
I know things have n't been right for a long time , but it 'll be different . If you 'll just be patient , I can work things out .
I have been patient and I 've tried to help , but you would n't even let me do that .
Do n't you feel anything for me at all any more ?
It takes so many things to make love last . Most of all it takes respect . And I ca n't live with a man I do n't respect !
Look , you 'll be back in town tomorrow night . We 'll have dinner talk it over .
I wo n't be back . I 've requested the Atlanta run .
You know I have n't been able to get near an airplane since the war . And even if I could , they would n't hire me because of my war record .
Your war record ? You 're the only one keeping that alive . For everyone else it 's ancient history .
Ted , what are you doing here ?
Elaine , I 've got to talk to you .
Oh , Ted , please be careful . I worry about you so much .
I love you , Elaine .
Elaine , just hear me out . I know things have n't been right for a long time . But it will be different like it was in the beginning . Remember ?
I remember everything . All I have are memories .
Is it ? Because of my mistake six men did n't return from that raid .
Seven . Lieutenant Zipp died this morning . Ted , Doctor Sandler says you 'll be out in a week . Is n't that wonderful ?
I wish I could say the same for George Zipp .
Be patient , Ted . No one expects you to get over this immediately .
Ted ! What are you doing ? You ca n't fly this plane !
That 's what I 've been trying to tell these people .
Rats ! I 've lost number three .
What happened , Ted ? What went wrong ?
But Ted , you 're the only
I do n't care . I just do n't have what it takes . They 'd be better off with someone who 'd never flown before .
I wanted you to know now I 'm very proud .
Tell them the gear is down and we 're ready to land .
Hey , we 've been waiting for you . A little bit late tonight .
Who wants to be first ?
Oh , Bill , I 'm going to miss you so much .
You promise you 'll write .
So long , darling . Good-bye . Take care of yourself .
Bill ! Bill ! Good-bye , Bill .
Did you decide on a runway yet ?
Runway niner . It 's the longest , and directly into the wind .
What did you think of 'Great Expectations ? '
Well , it was n't all that I had hoped .
You are Kareem . I 've seen you play . My Dad 's got season tickets !
I think you should go back to your seat now , Joey . Right , Clarence ?
I 'm Lisa . Oh , you have a guitar !
I thought maybe you 'd like to hear a song .
Would either of you like another cup of coffee ?
I will , but Jim wo n't .
Well , the doctor will be with you in just a moment . One thing : do you know what he had for dinner ?
Yes , of course . We both had fish . Why ?
Sorry , Clarence . Latest weather report shows everything socked in from Salt Lake to Lincoln .
Hi , Roger . Good to have you aboard . Victor , this is Roger Murdock .
Do you want me to check the weather , Clarence ?
No , why do n't you take care ot it ?
No , he 's not bothering anyone . Let him stay up here .
All right . But just remember , my name is Roger Murdock .
There 's a little girl on board who 's ill and
Oh yes , I saw . Poor child .
Do you feel all right , sir ?
Oh I have n't flown for a long time .
Excuse me , sir . Would you like some coffee before we serve dinner ?
No . No thank you .
Excuse me , sir . There 's been a little problem in the cockpit and I was wondering
The cockpit ? What is it ?
Well , I flew in the war , but that was a long time ago . I would n't know anything about it .
Would you go up , please ?
Mr. Striker , the passengers are ready .
Thank you , Randy . You better leave sweetheart . You might get hurt in here .
Look , I do n't know where Mr. Strader might be . He comes and he goes .
The girl out front mentioned Strader 's assistant , somebody named Watson . Maybe he knows .
He 's not here . Why ask me ?
The young woman at the front said you might know where he is .
Look at your dildo partner . He 's too scared to even come down to the sand . You 're not gon na get wet standing here , moron !
I 'd like to see you next to a sea of hydrochloric acid , Fedorchuk see how much surfin ' you 'd do .
Yes , I heard about poor Warren . Tragic .
You were partners with him on some Slag uh , Newcomer real estate thing .
That cop , the human , he was the one who killed Anderson and the driver .
This is becoming a serious breach of security .
When we picked him up , he was talking to those two cops the two who came to question you about Hubley .
This is getting out of hand . I want you to deal with it . Immediately .
Terrific . A real pillar of the community . Was Hubley missing anything when they found him ? Was he ripped off ?
There was no wallet but he was still wearing a watch and two rings .
Yes no , it is not unreasonable . Although I
Great . Well , I 'm sure glad that 's settled , are n't you ?
Newcomers working near methane gasses at oil refineries must paint it on their boots to protect against sparks .
How the hell do you know that ?
I believe I should interview the widow alone .
Why the hell ? ! Great , fine . You talk to the wife .
She did n't know him . But she said her son might .
Did you talk to him ?
Rudyard Kipling ? No shit ? Listen , we just need a minute of your time
We 'd like to ask you about a business associate of your , Warren Hubley .
Matthew , you do n't have to .
Stay back ! I 'm okay .
I do n't think I could ever learn to read that shit . How long did it take you to learn English ?
Three months . We learn quickly . We adapt . It is our strength what we were bred for , to adapt to hostile environments .
Which one is that ? Raw what ?
This is mole . It 's good .
I 'll bet . Would it really put you out if they tossed that on the grill for a minute or two ?
Our bodies do not assimilate the nutrients if the food has been cooked .
So , she keeps you on a pretty short leash , does she ?
My wife ? She worries about me .
Well , let 's roll , George .
To the to the beach ?
Please , I must get out here .
Come on , you wo n't have to get near the water .
No secrets , goddammit ! You do n't hold back from me . Whatever is going on , you 're gon na tell me now !
No . I can not involve you . This is not your concern .
Jesus , this is major . Why did n't you tell me sooner ? Why 'd you hold out on me ?
Your people do n't know about this part of out past . And they ca n't know It would threaten our entire existence here .
George look me in the eye George , you do n't ever lie to me again .
I must trust you , Matthew . I can not stop this without you .
Okay , George we got ta play this real smart .
If the drug is here , we must destroy it .
George , uh you 're gon na break his little chest bones
Stay out of this , Matthew . Tell me where the drug has been taken or I will crush your lungs against this wall .
What 's this about , George ? I know that look .
There ! Go back . Down that side street .
No ! We must do this alone .
Do what ? ! George ? !
I never thought I 'd say this , but for once in my life I think I 'm willing to wait for back-up .
We ca n't let him get away .
Why the hell are you so dead set against back-up ?
Because because of what will happen if humans see what we are capable of becoming .
Mr. Hubley was an all right guy and a damn good manager . The men liked him . I 'm really gon na have to scramble to fill his shoes .
Well , one of the men did n't like him so much
You think this is the guy who did it ?
We think he could'a been involved , yeah . You know him ?
To be honest , it 's hard to say . I hate to admit it but they all still kinda look alike to me .
Who else can I ask around here ?
Wait . You know who it looks like ? Yeah . Anderson . Uh James Anderson . He is n't in today . He took the afternoon off .
I think you 're gon na find he 's taken the rest of his life off .
Can you dig up their Quarantine records in this thing ?
Sure . Just a minute .
You know I 've been over all this with Fedorchuk and Alterez this morning
Come on . You got nothin ' better to do , cushy county job like yours .
You guys finished the postmortem on Strader yet ?
You mean the Blob ? They 're finishing up now .
Goddammit , Tug I want to see Kristin get married , okay ? But
But you 're bummed because your ex and her new husband are paying for the whole thing .
Does that look at all suspicious to you ?
Whatever gave you that idea ?
Watch the driver . I 'm going for a better angle on the door .
I got him . Do n't get pinned .
Hey , 'Top . ' What 's the op ?
Rescue mission . There 's some juicy colonists ' daughters we got ta rescue from virginity .
Set down sixty meters this side of the telemetry mast . Immediate dust off on my 'clear , ' then stay on station .
Ten seconds , people . Look sharp !
First squad up , on line . Hicks , get yours in a cordon . Watch the rear .
Vasquez , take point . Let 's move .
That 's it . See it ? Emergency venting .
How long until it blows ?
And it 's too late to shut it down ?
I 'm afraid so . The crash did too much damage . The overload is inevitable , at this point .
You had them eating out of your hand , kiddo .
They had their minds made up before I even went in there . They think I 'm a head case .
Yeah , yeah . I saw the commercial .
I heard you were working in the cargo docks .
It 's all I could get . Anyway , it keeps my mind off of everything . Days off are worse .
What if I said I could get you reinstated as a flight officer ? And that the company has agreed to pick up your contract ?
Yes , and I 've read it . You wake up every night , sheets soaking , the same nightmare over and over
No ! The answer is no . Now please go . I 'm sorry . Just go , would you .
Yello ? Oh , Ripley . Hi
Burke , just tell me one thing . That you 're going out there to kill them . Not study . Not bring back . Just burn them out clean forever .
You never said anything about an android being here ! Why not ?
Well , it did n't occur to me . It 's been policy for years to have a synthetic on board .
I hope you 're right . I really do .
I suggest you study the disks Ripley has been kind enough to prepare for you .
They 're right under the primary heat exchangers .
Yeah ? Maybe the organisms like the heat , that 's why they built
No good . How do we know it 'll effect their biochemistry ? I say we take off and nuke the entire site from orbit . It 's the only way to be sure .
Now hold on a second . I 'm not authorizing that action .
You 've been doing your homework . Look , they ca n't impound it if they do n't know about it .
But they will know about it , Burke . From me . Just like they 'll know how you were responsible for the deaths of one hundred and fifty-seven colonists here
Hold at forty . Slow circle of the complex .
The structure seems intact . They have power .
Where are your parents ? You have to try
Gorman ! Give it a rest would you .
GET THEM OUT OF THERE ! DO IT NOW !
Shut up . Just shut up !
We 're not making that out too well . What is it ?
You tell me . I only work here .
Let 's get the fuck out of here !
Not that tunnel , the other one !
Well that 's great , man . Now what the fuck are we supposed to do , man ? We 're in some real pretty shit now !
Are you finished ? You okay ?
Well you 're not reading it right !
Six meters . Five . What the fu
All right . There 's a fire door at this end . The first thing we do is put a remote sentry in the tunnel and seal that door .
We got ta figure on them getting into the complex .
Newt time then can walk right up and knock .
But they do n't know that . They 're probably looking for other ways to get in . That 'll take them awhile .
Hicks , I 'm not going to wind up like those others . You 'll take care of it wo n't you , it if comes to that ?
If it comes to that , I 'll do us both . Let 's see that it does n't Here , I 'd like to introduce you to a close personal friend of mine .
Look , you started this . Now show me everything . I can handle myself .
Yeah . I 've noticed .
You know , Burke , I do n't know which species is worse . You do n't see them screwing each other over for a fucking percentage .
Let 's waste him . No offense .
They learned . They cut the power and avoided the guns . They must have found another way in , something we missed .
We did n't miss anything .
No ! No ! She 's alive ! We have to
All right ! She 's alive . I believe it . But we got ta get moving ! Now !
Hicks , do n't let him leave .
We ai n't going anywhere .
You ca n't help them . Right now they 're being cocooned just like the others .
Oh , God . Jesus . This ai n't happening .
This service tunnel is how they 're moving back and forth .
Yeah , right , it runs from the processing station right into the sublevel here .
I do n't care how ! Think of a way . Think of something .
Think of what ? We 're fucked .
Well then somebody 's just going to have to go out there . Take a portable terminal and go out there and plug in manually .
Oh , right ! Right ! With those things running around . No way .
Twelve meters . Man , this is a big fucking signal . Ten meters .
They 're right on us . Vasquez , how you doing ?
So what do I tell this guy ?
Tell him , as far as I 'm concerned , he finds something it 's his .
Just terrible ? That 's better than yesterday at least .
How long have I been on Gateway station ?
Bad dreams again ? Do you want something to help you sleep ?
No . I 've slept enough .
Yeah , you know . In the walls , under the floor . I was the ace . I could hide better than anybody .
You 're really something , ace .
I guess we 're not leaving , right ?
I 'm sorry , Newt .
Now you just lie here and have a nap . You 're exhausted .
I do n't want to I have scary dreams .
Ripley she does n't have bad dreams because she 's just a piece of plastic .
Oh . Sorry , Newt .
Yes , there are , are n't there .
Why do they tell little kids that ?
Well , some kids ca n't handle it like you can .
Did one of those things grow inside her ?
I do n't know , Newt . That 's the truth .
Is n't that how babies come ? I mean people babies they grow inside you ?
No , it 's different , honey .
Did you ever have a baby ?
Mommy I mean , Ripley I 'm scared .
I know , honey . Me too .
The analysis team which went over your shuttle centimeter by centimeter found no physical evidence of the creature you describe
That 's because I blew it out the Goddamn airlock ! Like I said .
These Viennese certainly know good music when they hear it .
His Grace is very angry with you .
Well ? How do you like it ? It 's Turkish . My hairdresser tells me everything 's going to be Turkish this year !
Really ? What else did he tell you today ? Give me some gossip .
Well , I heard you met Herr Mozart .
Oh ? News travels fast in Vienna .
Turkish ? Oh , if it 's Turkish , that 's different . I want to be in it .
My dear , it will hardly enhance your reputation to be celebrated throughout Vienna as a singing prostitute for a Turk .
No , no , no , no . You ca n't take him away now . This is his night . Wo n't you introduce us , Wolfgang ?
Excuse us , Fraulein . Good night , Signore .
No ! I wo n't have him back .
But he needs to be here in Salzburg , Your Grace . He needs me and he needs you . Your protection , your understanding .
If His Grace is not satisfied with me , he can dismiss me .
I wish you to return immediately to Salzburg . Your father is waiting for you there patiently . I will speak to you further when I come .
No , Your Grace ! I mean with all humility , no . I would rather you dismissed me . It 's obvious I do n't satisfy .
Then try harder , Mozart . I have no intention of dismissing you . You will remain in my service and learn your place . Go now .
Your Grace , I 've got something to tell you . I want to complain about this man .
Go ahead , tell him . Tell them all . They wo n't understand you anyway .
Sra-I'm-sick . Sick - kiss I 'm - my Kiss my ! Sra-I'm-sick - Kiss my arse !
Em iram ! Em iram !
No , I 'm not playing this game .
No , this is serious . Say it backwards .
I think you 're mad ! You 're really mad !
Oh , leave me alone .
One royal pupil and the whole of Vienna will come flocking . We 'd be set up for life !
They 'll come anyway . They love me here .
No , they will not . I know how things work in this city .
Oh yes ? You always know everything .
Well , I 'm not borrowing any more money from my mother , and that 's that !
You borrowed money from your mother ?
All they want to see is your work . What 's wrong with that ?
Shut up ! Just shut up ! I do n't need them .
Stop it now . Stop it . I 've brought some friends to meet you . They 're next door waiting . Do we have anything to eat ? They 're all starving .
Tell them to go away . I do n't want to see anybody .
My Stanzi - look at her ! Is n't she beautiful ? Come on now , confess , Papa . Could you want a prettier girl for a daughter ?
Stop it , Wolfi . I look dreadful . Welcome to our house , Herr Mozart .
May I offer you some tea , Herr Mozart ?
Tea ? Who wants tea ? Let 's go out ! This calls for a feast . You do n't want tea , Papa . Let 's go dancing . Papa loves parties , do n't you ?
You 're not going to do this ?
Why not ? Half the house !
What 's that ? Oh ! Who gave you this ? How much is it ? Wolfi , who gave you this ?
I 'm not telling you .
This is my wife , Stanzi . I 've been sick , but I 'm all right now . Are n't I ?
Oh yes , sir . He 's all right . And he 's working on it very hard .
Give me one reason I can understand .
I ca n't write it !
How charming . But why did he not come himself ?
He 's terribly busy , sir .
I will look at them , of course , the moment I can . It will be an honour . Please give him my warmest .
Would it be too much trouble , sir , to ask you to look at them now ? While I wait .
I 'm afraid I 'm not at leisure this very moment . Just leave them with me . I assure you they will be quite safe .
I - I really can not do that , Your Excellency . You see , he does n't know I 'm here .
Thank you very much , Your Excellency .
Do n't keep calling me that . It puts me at such a distance . I was not born a Court Composer , you know . I 'm from a small town , just like your husband .
Are you sure you ca n't leave that music , and come back again ? I have other things you might like .
That 's very tempting , but it 's impossible , I 'm afraid . Wolfi would be frantic if he found those were missing . You see , they 're all originals .
Tomorrow night I dine with the Emperor . One word from me and the post is his .
Oh , thank you , sir !
It 's a post all Vienna seeks . If you want it for your husband , come tonight .
But ! I 'm a married woman !
Well , thank you very much . You can go now .
He needs me , ma'am .
No , he does n't . And I do n't want you here . Just go , please .
He asked me to stay .
I regret we have no servants to show you out , Herr Salieri . Respect my wish and go .
Madame , I will respect his . He asked me to stay here .
I 'm paying these people . Do you realize that ?
He 's doing his best .
I 'm paying people just to wait for you . It 's ridiculous !
You know what 's ridiculous ? Your libretto , that 's what 's ridiculous . Only an idiot would ask Wolfi to work on that stuff !
You 're mad ! She 's mad , Wolfi .
Oh yes , and who are you ? He 's worked for Kings . For the Emperor . Who are you ?
What is ridiculous ? Wolfi has many admirers in Vienna . They love him here . People send us gifts all the time .
But you ca n't take her without reference . It 's unheard of !
And so you do ! The only time you come out is to eat .
And what do you expect ? Who wants to walk out into a mess like this every day ?
Let us pass , please ! Let us pass at once ! We 're with the Emperor .
I am sorry , Madame . It is not permitted .
Do you know who I am ? This is my daughter . I am Frau Weber . We are favoured guests !
I am sorry , Madame , but I have my orders .
I am sorry , Madame , but no ! I can not let anyone pass .
Young man , I am no stranger to theatres . I 'm no stranger to insolence !
Perhaps a little refreshment first ? A little coffee , or a little chocolate ?
I 'd like a little wine , if you have it .
I was . But she quite outgrew the little I could show her .
Thank you , Madame . Come on now - courage . Play me something you know .
What a charming idea . May I see ?
It 's just a trifle , of course .
Delightful , Court Composer . Would you permit me to play it as he comes in ?
You do me too much honour , Sire .
Well , I 'm glad to hear that .
Excuse me , Sire , but what do you think these could be ? Being a foreigner , I would love to learn .
Oh , Your Majesty , it would be such a tremendous honour !
I 'm thinking about Herr Mozart . What is your view ?
Yes , of course . My concern is to protect you from any suspicion of favouritism .
Ah-ha . Favouritism . But I so want Mozart .
I do n't think you understand me , Court Composer .
Majesty , I did . Believe me , it was a most agonizing . decision . But finally , I simply could not recommend Herr Mozart .
Well , what is it about ? Tell us the story .
It 's actually quite amusing , Majesty . It 's set - the whole thing is set in a - in a -
Keep it , Sire , if you want to . It is already here in my head .
What ? On one hearing only ?
So then you like it ? You really like it , Your Majesty ?
Of course I do . It 's very good . Of course now and then - just now and then - it gets a touch elaborate .
I do n't understand . There are just as many notes , Majesty , as are required . Neither more nor less .
My dear fellow , there are in fact only so many notes the ear can hear in the course of an evening . I think I 'm right in saying that , are n't I , Court Composer ?
Really ? How delightful . May I ask when you marry ?
Well - Well we have n't quite received my father 's consent , Your Majesty . Not entirely . Not altogether .
Yet we hear you are making an opera from it . Is this true ?
Who told you this , Majesty ?
It is not your place to ask questions . Is it true ?
Well , yes , I admit it is .
Guess ! Guess , Majesty . Imagine the longest time such a thing could last , then double it .
Well , six or seven minutes ! maybe eight !
Forgive me , Majesty . I 'm a vulgar man . But I assure you , my music is not .
You are passionate , Mozart ! But you do not persuade .
Ah-ha . Well then , we should make some effort to acquire him . We could use a good German composer in Vienna , surely ?
I agree , Majesty , but I 'm afraid it 's not possible . The young man is still in the pay of the Archbishop .
Ah-ha . What do you say , Chamberlain ?
In my opinion , it is time we had a piece in our own language , sir . Plain German . For plain people .
Well , what do you have for me today ?
Your Majesty , Herr Mozart -
She 's very tired , poor creature . You know me : I 'm a real pig . It 's not so easy cleaning up after me .
Do n't you have a maid ?
Oh we could , if we wanted to , but Stanzi wo n't hear of it . She wants to do everything herself .
How is your financial situation ?
What do you mean ? It 's wonderful . Really , it 's - it 's marvelous ! People love me here .
They say you 're in debt .
Who ? Who says that ? Now that 's a malicious lie !
How many pupils do you have ?
I do n't know . It 's not important . I mean , I do n't want pupils . They get in the way . I 've got to have time for composition .
Composition does n't pay . You know that .
You do n't have secrets from me .
It 's too dangerous , Papa . But they 're going to love it . Ah , there she is !
Is n't that marvelous ? We 're delighted .
Why did n't you mention it in your letters ?
Yes , Papa , name it . Name it . I 'll do anything you say !
I want you to come back with me to Salzburg , my son .
I 'm tired of this game . Please play without me .
But my penalty . I 've got to have a penalty .
Are you playing a trick on me ?
I never saw this girl in my life . Is this a kind of joke ?
Do n't worry , I 'm not staying here to be a burden .
No one calls you that .
Oh , yes , sir , all day long . He never leaves the house until evening . He just sits there , writing and writing . He does n't even eat .
Really ? What is it he 's writing ?
Oh , I would n't know that , sir .
Of course not . You 're a good girl . You 're very kind to do this . Next time you 're sure they 'll be out of the house , let me know , will you ?
Now calm yourself . Calm . What 's the matter with you ?
I 'm leaving . I 'm not working there anymore . I 'm scared !
Are you saying that someone is paying you to be our maid and does n't want us to know who he is ?
Yes . I can live in or out just as you wish .
What did he say ? What did he say ?
Papa , the rule is you can only give penalties that can be performed in the room .
Wonderful ! He liked the monkey , did n't you ?
Yes , well , it 's all good fun .
Put it down , I said ! It 's nothing for you .
Oh ! I 'm sorry ! I 'm sorry ! What have you got for me ? Is it finished ?
Never mind , Strudel . It 's part of music , getting used to an audience . Are n't I right , Herr Mozart ?
Well , yes ! on the whole . I suppose . How long have you been playing , Fraulein ?
It 's a miracle , Herr Mozart !
Well , I 'm a good teacher . The next time you wish me to instruct another of your dogs , please let me know . Goodbye , Fraulein , goodbye , Madame ! goodbye , Sir !
Herr Mozart . What a surprise . What can I do for you ?
Is my pupil still anxious to learn the art of music ?
Well , your pupil is married and living in Mannheim , young man .
Really ? Perhaps your dear wife might care to profit from my instruction ?
What is this , Mozart ? What 's the matter with you ?
Well . Since it appears nobody is eager to hire my services , could you favour me with a little money instead ?
Well , this is hardly the way to go about it .
No doubt , sir . But I am endowed with talent , and you with money . If I offer mine , you should offer yours .
So you are . How is your pretty wife ?
She is well . She is - well , actually , I 'm about to become a father ! She only told me last night . You are the first to know .
I 'm flattered . And congratulations to you , of course .
So you see , this post is very important to me right now .
Why did n't you come to me yesterday , Mozart ? This is a most painful situation . Yesterday I could have helped you . Today , I ca n't .
Why ? Here is the music . It 's here . I am submitting it humbly . Is n't that what you wanted ?
I have just come from the palace . The post has been filled .
Filled ? That 's impossible ! They have n't even seen my work . I need this post . Please , ca n't you help me ? Please !
Look , I must have pupils . Without pupils I ca n't manage .
You do n't mean to tell me you are living in poverty ?
No , but I 'm broke . I 'm always broke . I do n't know why .
It has been said , my friend , that you are inclined to live somewhat above your means .
How can anyone say that ? We have no cook , no maid . We have no footman . Nothing at all !
How is that possible ? You give concerts , do n't you ? I hear they are quite successful .
I 'd better not . It 's a bit of a secret .
Come , come , Mozart ; I 'm interested . Truly .
But there are those who have power over him . I think I 'll take this up with the Emperor .
Oh , Excellency , would you ?
Nine performances ! Nine ! That 's all it 's had - and withdrawn .
I know ; it 's outrageous . Still , if the public does n't like one 's work one has to accept the fact gracefully .
But what is it they do n't like ?
Well , I can speak for the Emperor . You made too many demands on the royal ear . The poor man ca n't concentrate for more than an hour and you gave him four .
What did you think of it yourself ? Did you like it at all ?
I think it 's marvelous . Truly .
It 's the best opera yet written . I know it ! Why did n't they come ?
I think you overestimate our dear Viennese , my friend . Do you know you did n't even give them a good bang at the end of songs so they knew when to clap ?
I know , I know . Perhaps you should give me some lessons in that .
I would n't presume . All the same , if it would n't be imposing , I would like you to see my new piece . It would be a tremendous honour for me .
I do n't have it yet . It 's not finished . I 'm sorry , but I need more time .
Are you neglecting my request ?
You mean she 's not coming back ?
You 're so good to me . Truly . Thank you .
Another ? But that 's too soon ! Tomorrow night ? It 's impossible ! Did he say a hundred ?
Yes . Can I - could I help you , in any way ?
Would you ? Actually , you could .
My dear friend , it would be my greatest pleasure .
Do you want to rest a bit ?
Oh no . I 'm not tired at all .
Would you stay with me while I sleep a little ?
I 'm not leaving you .
Then why especially does it have to be in German ?
Well not especially . It can be in Turkish , if you really want . I do n't care .
Did you not know that His Majesty has expressly forbidden ballet in his operas ?
Yes , but this is not a ballet . This is a dance at Figaro 's wedding .
What are you doing , Herr Director ?
Taking out what you should never have put in .
Can we see the scene with the music back , please ?
Oh yes , certainly . Certainly , Herr Director !
Then why does n't he simply appoint me to the post ?
Mozart , you are not the only composer in Vienna .
No , but I 'm the best .
A little modesty would suit you better .
I do n't think it was really decided , Director .
Oh , German ! German ! Please let it be German .
Do you know who I am ? You never heard of me , did you ?
That makes no difference . All men are equal in God 's eyes .
How well are you trained in music ?
I know a little . I studied it in my youth .
I ca n't say I do . What is it ?
I 'm surprised you do n't know . It was a very popular tune in its day . I wrote it . How about this ?
Oh , I know that ! That 's charming ! I did n't know you wrote that .
I did n't . That was Mozart . Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart . You know who that is ?
Of course . The man you accuse yourself of killing .
Ah - you 've heard that ?
Oh ? I thought you did so every day . So speak now . Answer me !
I do not claim to unravel the mysteries . I treasure them . As you should .
Yes , absolutely . Is there a ballet in Figaro ?
Yes , in the third act .
I know we banned this play , but frankly I ca n't remember why . Can you refresh my memory , Herr Director ?
For the same reason , Herr Chamberlain , that it was banned in France .
I 've taken pity on you , my angel . I heard your wish .
Oh . Well , thank you ! How wonderful . Some people get all the luck .
Well , I do n't know ! I mean you 're a delicious , delightful , delectable little bird , but do n't you think you might be just a little tough ?
Oh , I 'm tender enough for you , my boy . I 'm tender enough for you .
How sad . It 's tragic , is n't it ? Such a talent .
Indeed . Just a moment - as a matter of fact I think I do know someone who could commission a work from him . A very appropriate person to do so . Yes .
She did n't say . But she says it 's urgent .
Excuse me , my dear .
Oh , by the way , give him this . This is his share . That should cheer him up , eh ?
Yes , indeed . Goodnight to you all now . It was perfection - truly !
Has the patient in twenty-one gotten his tray yet ?
The American ? Yes , duck .
You know , did he seem depressed ? Do you think he 'll eat the food ?
I 'm an orderly , not a bleeding psychiatrist ! I push things about , but I 've little say what happens to them .
Dr. Hirsch , Mr. Kessler cried out a minute ago .
Miss Gallagher , surely you must perform some function here at the hospital .
It 's all right , Susan . Yes , Doctor , I have .
Come to my office , Miss Price .
It 's a full moon . Where is he ?
At my flat . I 'm off at midnight and
Well , yes , but he seems to be more upset by the death of his friend .
Has his friend appeared to him again ?
You 've absolutely no idea where David might be ?
No . He knows no one in London , besides me . I should n't have left him alone .
He does n't remember . He woke up at the zoo .
The zoo ? Is he rational ?
Yes , he is . He 's very excited and confused , but he 's not crazy , if that 's what you mean .
Have you read the papers today ? Have you listened to the radio or television ?
Could you get here without any trouble ?
Yes , I should think so .
You 're certain he 's lucid ? You wo n't need any help ?
He 's fine . We 'll come right over .
I 'm afraid you have to eat something .
Please , really . I 'm not hungry .
Well , you 're to take these after you 've eaten . Now what kind of nurse would I be if I failed in so simple a task as giving out some pills ?
Leave the pills . I 'll take them later .
Let 's try a little harder , shall we ?
Will you give me a break ?
I was . What are you reading ?
'A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court ' by Mark Twain .
I 'm sorry . I should n't have asked you .
It 's okay . I want to talk to you .
Now what do you want to talk about ?
Was Jack Goodman your good friend ?
My best friend . My very best friend .
Shall I read to you ?
What ? Oh , yes , please .
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court by Samuel L. Clemens . This is after the preface but before chapter one : A Word of Explanation . You all right ?
Do n't be silly . Can I get you something ?
No , thank you . Just keep me company for a while .
David , your dreams will stop . You 'll leave England and your bad memories ; and then this will all fade away .
Will you come with me ?
Now , David , I said I would keep you company , but I meant right here and now .
Will you think about it ?
How did we get from your bad dreams to my taking a holiday with a patient ?
Not just a patient me .
You 're being awfully forward , are n't you ?
Forgive me , I 'm trying to cheer myself up and an affair with a beautiful nurse seemed like just the thing to do it .
Yeah . He says that I will become a monster in two days . What do you think ?
What do I think ? You mean about the possibility of your becoming a monster in two days or about visits from dead friends ?
David , you do n't honestly believe that in reality your friend Jack rose from the grave to breakfast with you ? Do you really ?
I was awake and he was in my room .
Let me go now , you 'll make me late .
Do me an enormous favor ?
It 's silly of you to be apprehensive .
Werewolves simply do not exist .
David , do you want me to stay here tonight ?
Yeah , I do , but go to work .
Dr. Hirsch will know what to do .
I do n't know why I feel so good . I have n't felt this good in a long time .
We had an argument . He 's being silly .
I swear , I do n't know this girl .
Sir , he 's very upset . His friend was killed and
Will you shut up ! ? !
Leave me alone , dammit ! You people are crazy ! I 've got to get away from here ! I 've got to do something !
David , do n't lose control .
He 's an American , you know . Dr. Hirsch is going to fetch round one of those Embassy fellows to see him .
Chart says he 's from New York .
Take these round now , will you please ? The American boy in twenty-one is only to have these after he 's eaten . Will you be sure of that ?
Has he been refusing food ?
Officer , I killed those people last night .
You did , did you ?
Why are you doing this to me , Jack ?
This is n't Mr. Goodman 's idea . He is your good friend , whereas I am a victim of your carnivorous lunar activities .
That 's easy for you to say - you 're already dead .
No , David . Harry and I and everyone you murder are not dead . The undead .
Here , Gladys , Tom . Did you hear the one about the crashing plane ?
No , but we 're about to .
You be quiet , woman , and let me speak .
Quiet , everyone ! Hush ! Shhh !
All right , laugh then . I sha n't tell it .
Oh , come on , tell us .
Oh , all right . There was this airplane over the Atlantic on its way to New York . It was full of men from the United Nations .
That 's very funny , that is .
No one brought them here ! No one wanted them here !
You could have told them !
Mr. Kessler ? Wake up , please .
I was having a nightmare .
Miss Price , the other nurse that attended you .
What are you going to see ?
An American film about the Mafia called 'See You Next Wednesday ' , and I want to see it badly , so you give me no problems and go to sleep .
Do you have bad dreams , too ?
You 're in a hospital in London .
London ? Where 's Jack ? I had a strange dream .
I should think so after your recent traumatic experiences .
The guy I was with . Is he all right ? How did I get to London ?
You 've never had bad dreams before ?
Sure , as a kid . But never so real . Never so bizarre .
Did you get a good look at the man who attacked you ?
I 've told you , it was n't a man . It was an animal . A big wolf or something . A rabid dog .
No . In fact , your wounds were cleaned and dressed before you arrived here .
Did you talk to the police in East Proctor ? Did the cops go to The Slaughtered Lamb ?
David , please . The police are satisfied . I 'm certain that if a monster were out roaming northern England we 'd have seen it on the telly .
You really think I 'm crazy , do n't you ?
Dr. Hirsch ? I 'd rather not be by myself .
Of course not , David . I 'll fetch in young Miss Price .
You 're not having a good time are you ?
Oh , I do n't know . I mean look around . Is n't this a fun place ?
Do you think she 'll meet me in Rome ?
I think Debbie Klein is a mediocre person with a good body .
I have to make love to her . It 's very simple . She has no choice really .
It just fascinates me that you can spend so much energy on someone so dull .
It is impossible for a body like that to be dull .
We 've known Debbie what , since the eighth grade ? How many years of foreplay is that ?
That 's not a spear . It 's a pike .
A severed wolf 's head on a pike as their symbol .
What the hell was that all about ?
I do n't know . Let 's see if there 's an inn or something up the road .
Maybe that pentangle was for something supernatural .
I see and they were too embarrassed to talk about it , because they felt so silly .
Shit ! David , what is that ?
I do n't know . Come on .
You really scared me , you shithead .
Are you going to help me up ?
David ! You 're hurting my feelings .
Hurting your feelings ? Has it occurred to you that it may be unsettling to have you rise from your grave to visit me ? Listen to me , I 'm talking to a hamburger !
I 'm sorry to be upsetting you , David , but I had to come .
Are n't you supposed to be buried in New York someplace ?
Yeah . Your parents came to my funeral . I was surprised at how many people came .
Why should you be surprised ? You were a very well-liked person .
Warn me ? Will you get out of here , you meat loaf ?
I 'm a grisly sight , it 's true ; but I love you and that 's why I 'm here . You 've got to know .
If you love me so much , Jack , you 'll realize how disconcerting it is to share one 's breakfast with the living dead !
We were attacked by a werewolf .
What 's wrong with you ? Shut up !
The wolf 's bloodline must be severed . The last remaining werewolf must be destroyed .
You survived and now you shall continue the curse .
What are you talking about ? I wo n't accept this ! Get out ! God damit !
Beware the moon . The full moon , David . You 've got two days .
Jack , please go away . Please go away .
The supernatural ! The powers of darkness ! It 's all true . Take your own life ! Suicide , David . Join me .
Nurse ! Oh God ! Alex !
Okay , you 've seen me . Now go away .
David , I 'm sorry I upset you yesterday , but you must understand what is going on .
A monster . I know , I know .
You must take your own life now , David , before it 's too late .
Are n't you going to say , 'I told you so ' ?
If I was still alive , I probably would .
The forensic lads seem to feel that some sort of animal was involved , that 's true , but I hardly think
Regardless of what you think , Lieutenant , the fact remains that David is missing and that we must find him .
What can we do to assist you ?
Stay here . If we need you , we 'll know where to reach you .
I do n't rightly know , sir .
That is precisely my point . David , as far as we are concerned , the matter is closed . We wo n't trouble you any further . Good day .
I can not accept a connection between David Kessler and last night 's murders . We will find him , however . I can assure you of that .
We 'll find him , not to worry .
What do you suppose anybody wants ? Money , money , money !
Listen , I told you I was n't interested in that deal , did n't I ?
What 's the idea of turning her down ? It sounds like a perfectly safe investment .
She 's a widow . I do n't like taking mortgages from widows .
Do n't make me laugh , Schultz !
Dickson does n't have to go . But he must agree to this merger with New York Trust
You know Dickson as well as we do . He 'll shut the doors before he gives up control .
All right , let him ! I 'm sick and tired of hearing about him . If he wants to run the bank , let him do it . I do n't want any part of it .
Most of the creditors I know personally . I 've seen them grow up in the community . I knew their fathers and mothers before them .
I know , Dickson . That 's all very well . But you 're taking too many chances . In these times a bank should keep liquid in case of trouble . In case of emergency !
Dickson , I 'd like to talk to you about the bank .
The bank . All right . Do anything you want with it .
I hope you do n't mind me asking you a few questions , Mr. Cluett .
Of course , yes . Just what would you like to know , Inspector ?
Where were you at twelve o'clock last night ?
That 's very simple . I was home .
That is simple , is n't it ? I assume you can prove that if necessary .
Oh yes , of course . There was someone with me . A lady .
Looks like you 're going to have no trouble at all . What was the lady 's name , Mr. Cluett ?
If you do n't mind , Inspector , I 'd rather not say - that is , unless it becomes absolutely essential . You see , she 's married .
Stand back Inspector , or I 'll shoot . Drop that gun .
All right , Jack , all right .
Do n't be a fool , Cluett . This is only going to make it worse for you .
Stand back , Inspector . Let me out of here , or I 'll shoot you !
What were you doing at Finlay 's this morning ?
They took my keys yesterday . I went there to get them back .
I did n't kill him ! I had nothing to do with that , I tell you ! I was home in my apartment last night - I can prove it !
Claims he was there with a married woman . Does n't want to mention her name .
Confessed ! Cluett , in heaven 's name , what got into you ?
I do n't know . It 's all been like a crazy nightmare , Mr. Dickson .
What happened ? You 're not a thief . How 'd you get mixed up with these kind of people ?
Gambling - I owed them a lot of money . Last week I lost over fifty thousand dollars !
What was my wife doing in your apartment last night ?
Nothing , nothing , Mr. Dickson . Do n't pay any attention to me . I do n't know what I 'm saying .
You just mentioned her name . What was she doing there ? What was she doing in your apartment ?
She just came up for a drink . Just for a few minutes .
She was n't to blame , Mr. Dickson . It was n't her fault . Honest , it was n't . I begged her to come up . She did n't
Get out , get out !
That 's your funeral . We 've got fifty thousand dollars comin ' to us .
I have n't got it .
That do n't do us any good .
But after all , you ca n't take blood from a stone .
Why , I could n't do that !
You do n't have to do nothing .
Dude - there 's not any chance of my becoming involved in this , is there ?
You ? No , you 'll be all right , so long as you establish an alibi for tonight .
But Dude , listen - could n't we make this some other time ?
Listen , buddy , you 're getting by pretty easy . Quit squawking !
What is the matter with you ? You 're trembling ?
Am I ? Why , I - I do n't know any reason why I should be , unless of course it 's you
Come on Cyril , try a little bit of it out on me . I have n't had any first-class blarney thrown at me since the day I was married .
But you see , it is n't blarney where you 're concerned .
You ? No can do . It 's all set . Just a few of Tom 's closest friends .
Now Phyllis , if you do n't invite me , I 'm coming anyway .
Do n't be silly , Cyril . These are respectable people . They 'd probably bore you to death .
No , they wo n't . Not when you are there . Oh , please , be a sport . Please ask me .
Now wait a minute , wait a minute
I 've loved you ever since I can remember , long before you married Tom Dickson .
I knew I could n't trust you . You told me you were taking me home .
Come on up for just a few minutes . We 'll have just one drink , then we 'll go .
No . I know the answer to that one . I think you 'd better take me home .
What 's the matter ? Afraid papa will spank ?
You know , there ought to be a Congressional Medal for men like you . America 's comfort to misunderstood wives . I never thought I would find myself in that class .
Oh , you 're not so badly off . There 's something much worse than being a misunderstood wife .
And now fair woman , I have you in my power .
I 'm not afraid of you . You have n't got a moustache !
Anything you have to say to me , you can say in the morning .
Oh no , Mr. Cluett , if it 's all the same to you , I 'd rather not wait . It 's about you and Mrs. Dickson .
I 'm not interested in what you think .
You 've no right to do this to her , Mr. Cluett . Why do n't you think it over ? It 's only gon na get you into a lot of trouble .
I tell you , I 'm not interested in your opinion .
No ? Then maybe you 'll understand , Mrs. Dickson . Oh , gee , he 's crazy about you . Nobody knows it better than you . If he ever finds out , it 'll kill him .
Phyllis , you do n't have to explain anything . You 'd do well to mind your own business .
This is my business . Mr. Dickson 's been like a father to me . What has he ever done to you to deserve a deal like this ?
That will be just about enough ! Now get out of here !
I guess I have said enough I 'm just wasting my breath talking to you .
Shall we let the people come in ?
Of course , let them in ! You 're late now .
Good morning , Mr. Dickson . My wife is much better this morning .
Well , that 's too bad . Mine 's all right too .
What 's the matter dear ? What have I done now ?
Nothing . Tom , I thought you were going out with me tonight .
Now Tom , you simply can not go to Philadelphia tonight . That 's all there is to it .
But I have to go , dear . It 's a very important banker 's meeting .
Listen , dear . Now tell me the truth about this . Were you in Cluett 's apartment ?
In Cluett 's apartment ? Well dear , you see , I I
Why , the directors are waiting for you in the board room .
Directors , eh ? Long faces ?
You want the rest of those numbers , Mr. Dickson ?
Numbers ? No , never mind .
My goodness , you ought to have a uniform . How much does one cost ?
Why , I do n't know .
Looks good . How much did it cost ?
I do n't know . Mr. Sampson bought it for me .
What 's the matter ? You do n't seem very excited about it .
Sure , I think it 's swell .
We have n't got much time left , Mr. Dickson . We 've got to do something quick or it 'll be too late .
Why would n't you tell me where you were last night ?
You 're not giving up , are you , Mr. Dickson ?
Were you in Cluett 's apartment ?
Aw , I do n't know what you 're talking about . All I know is that you 're losing your bank and
All right . That 's all . Please , Matt .
What 's the matter ? What 's going on here ? This is ridiculous ! You ca n't hold this boy on a vague suspicion .
I 'm afraid I must , Mr. Dickson .
All right . If the boy proves an alibi , he 's all right , is n't he ?
If he can do it , yes .
That 's what he says . I got a man from headquarters checking up on it now .
Good . You 've got nothing to worry about . Soon as the report comes in , you 'll be released . And listen , do n't talk so loud . Take it easy . Coast a little .
All I know is the bank 's been robbed and a murder 's been committed . The way I see it , Brown here looks guilty .
What are you talking about ? He had no more to do with it than you did .
Maybe . But I 'm taking no chances . Why , this kid 's got a record .
So have you . So have I . So 's everybody got a record . What difference does that make ? You ca n't go around pinning crimes on people just because they
Of course it 's true - and he knows it .
Listen , Matt . If you do n't tell the truth , I ca n't help you . Where were you last night ?
You were right , Mr. Dickson ! Brown did n't have anything to do with it . Here 's your man .
Why , you must be crazy . I 've known this man for years .
My wife ? What 's she got to do with you ?
No wonder he did n't want to mention her name .
Well , Sampson , what is it ?
Here 's the data on the Clyde deal .
Good . I 'll take this along with me . Tell Clyde I 'll see him tomorrow . I 'm sick and tired of the delay .
I 'm afraid he 's been stalling .
That 's just exactly what he has been doing . This deal should have been closed weeks ago . Tell him to keep tomorrow open
He says he ca n't get away in the daytime .
They 've been coming in steady all morning . I have called for some extra police .
All right . Send down to the vaults and have our reserve cash sent up here right away .
Look at them , Mr. Dickson . They 're going crazy .
Did you get the case for the securities ?
We ca n't keep open till four o'clock . We have n't cash enough to last an hour .
Do n't you think I know it ?
Quiet down , please ! Take it easy , folks . Everything will be all right .
But you said it would be safe ! It 's his life insurance money . Oh , please , I 'll go to the Old Ladies ' Home if you do n't do something , please !
Hey , look out , somebody 's likely to see us !
Oh , is that so ?
What 's the matter , Matt ? Gee , I thought you 'd be thrilled to death .
Come here . You know , a few minutes ago I was in Cluett 's office and Mrs. Dickson was there .
Oh Matt , you must be mistaken .
I tell you , I saw them !
Oh now , do n't be silly .
Can you imagine that guy ? He was kissing her .
Now you 've got me worried , dear . Promise me you wo n't butt in .
Okay , honey - but just the same I 'd like to take a crack at that
What 's he doing , honey ? Is he getting any help ?
Something 's happened . He is n't trying anymore .
What did you find out , Mike ?
I 've been trailing the cashier like you told me . You 're right about that guy , chief . There 's something screwy somewhere .
Never mind all that . What did you find out ?
He left here about an hour ago and went down to Dude Finlay 's joint .
Do you know this young man , Mrs. Halligan ?
Sure I do . He has the best room in me house . The one with the fancy wallpaper .
What time did Matt Brown get in ?
Now , let me see - a half hour after the Dooley sisters - and the Dooley sisters never get home until after
I do n't care about the Dooley sisters - what time did he get in ?
That 's just what I 'm trying to tell you , sir . It was a half hour after the Dooley sisters
Yes , I guess it was one , 'cause
It could n't have been earlier ?
No . It was n't earlier because
Yes , I know . Cause the Dooley sisters were n't in yet .
Listen here , young man - nobody ever called me a liar yet and got away with it
That 's all , Mrs. Halligan . Thanks .
You turned off the burglar alarm , you set the time clock , came back at twelve and emptied the boxes , did n't you ?
was n't anywhere near this place
Sit down ! When the watchman surprised you , you shot him - what 'd you do with the gun ?
I did n't do it ! I have n't got a gun !
That mug reminds me of a guy with his second dollar .
Yeah , what did he do with his first one ?
I think I may just go on to the reservation .
Tom , I 'm this close to coming with you
Gatling ! They 've got a Gatling !
Dammit , this stopped being fun about two years ago !
Your Ma would n't let us leave until we ate something .
That was two hours ago .
Here 's Liberty 's favorite son ! I 'll never forget what you did , cousin .
Zee , I 'm pleased you came .
These are deeds and mortgages of farms the bank was holding for the railroad .
Better pass them over here before something happens to 'em .
We got a problem here , brother ?
Frankly , yes . I 'm feeling a little left out .
That was because of the reputation the gang had .
As long as people think Jesse 's still riding , we will never get the respect we deserve .
Cole , we 're outlaws . Not exactly the most respectable job , if you know what I mean .
Leave me alone , Bob .
Things changed when you quit the gang . For example , I 'm now the one who says Let 's ride .
He 's not bad at it .
My plan of lying here pissing myself seems to be working mighty fine , thank you .
I can hit those boys from here . We just need a distraction .
Cole , I want to get to the farm , make sure Little Jim and the girls are okay .
Stop by our spread after that , tell our Ma we 're all right . We 'll go to Doc Mimms .
All right , settle down . All this money ai n't ours .
Well , no , Jesse , it was the bank 's . That 's why we had to go to all that trouble of stealing it . You explain it to him .
Okay , folks , I think we know how this is going to go
One false move and I 'll blow your heads off !
This is about the Wanted ! Posters , is n't it .
Yes . I am obviously not standing out in people 's minds at the robberies .
The things a fella has to do to get a little respect around here
You are a fine figure of a man .
Listen , Jesse , we 've got a problem . It 's Cole .
He 's been full of vinegar lately .
Home , boys . Back to our farms .
Planting corn . Harvesting corn . Year after year .
This is n't a feud , this is war . They 've got more men than we do . We kill detectives , they can replace 'em in a day .
So what do we do , General Lee ?
See , Frank 's being smart about this .
Just because he reads all those books and knows all those big words does n't make him smart .
This is your fault for hogging all the publicity .
Hold on , hold on , we all know Bob is an important part of the gang .
Smells funny , it being mentioned in the paper .
If you 'd read about it first , you 'd have no problems .
I 'm the better soldier , Jesse .
And I 'm the better outlaw .
Okay , you 're gon na rest here .
Clell , Tom , go get Doc Mimms in Liberty !
WHAT ? ! We follow you for a year , and now that our blood 's been spilled , you 're gon na quit ? !
Who 's next ? You ? Me ? Bob ?
You know , you gettin ' caught , right after leaving us , some people thought
Pff . All we been through , the thought never crossed my mind .
Where 'd you get all these riders ?
We did n't . Zerelda did . Turns out your wife makes a hell of an outlaw .
Some Indian tracker you turned out to be , Tom .
You pay me to find you Bluecoats . There they are .
Wait 'll we get back to Missouri , start telling those gals about how little Jesse James charged the whole Union Army by himself !
You ride like a Comanche .
Tom , why do n't you stop at our spread before you head on out to the reservation ? Figure we might have some work for you , if you want .
Hmm . Go back to the reservation and get drunk in a dirt shack , or work for you
I think one of 'em 's glass .
Which one , right or left ?
I have no idea what you just said , but it sounded real nice .
Shakespeare . He 's European .
Then why ca n't I go in there ?
On account of we 're robbing it .
You know you 're welcome any time !
Yesss , but I was thinking , I could come by , and then take Zee out . Some place near . With other folk . Near . Here . But out .
Daddy , do n't start with this again .
Zerelda , it 's no coincidence . The railroad men come through , offering to buy up land . Nobody sells . Then they start hanging men who own farms for treason ?
He 's going to be fine , right Daddy ?
The bullet came out clean , but he lost a whole lot of blood . Praying would n't hurt .
They 're gone . What are you
I fooled them into thinking I was alone .
Well , I hope the boy pulls through . We should know in the morning .
I think he 's already feeling better .
He thinks this is some kind of game !
I 'm upset too , Zee , but Jesse and Cole know what they 're doing . I 'm sure they wo n't press their luck .
Every time I put my head up to hit that Gatling , they try to shoot it off .
So we got a plan ?
See , that 's your problem , Frank . By the time you finish figuring out stuff , I 'm already finished doing it .
No , Jesse , your problem is you 're always doing stuff before I 'm finished figuring it out .
Looks like Web Mimms was n't the only casualty this town 's got .
We better go to Doc 's , see what 's going on here .
Frank , do n't you have something to say ?
You 're doing just fine .
Did n't think you would . I 'm going to go make the coffin .
Make a thousand of 'em . Still wo n't be enough by the time I 'm through .
And I planned getting you off the hangman 's deck
And that 's why you both lead the gang . Two of you went into that bank together , right ?
And it 's guarded by Pinkerton detectives .
And I do so want to shoot some Pinkerton detectives .
I do n't think it 's counterfeit . Do you mind if I take a look at all your real bills to compare ?
It 's the scientific method . It 's all the rage .
Pardon the delay , folks , but we had to get Mad Bob Younger under control !
Bob here 'll kill a man for sneezing , and he 's the best shot in the gang .
You 've killed your fair share of men .
If I could go back to farming
That 's a lie . You could 've bought a dozen farms with the money we 've stolen .
I ca n't quit and leave you alone . I ca n't quit until you quit . Ma would 've wanted it that way .
They 're all pinned down . Ca n't even get to the door .
Got any ideas , little brother ?
He was a boy riding with the most famous outlaws in the West . How was he supposed to say no to that ?
Railroad burned him out too . You could n't have stopped him .
A war against the railroad . What the hell were we thinking ?
I 'm sure it seemed like a good idea at the time .
I 'll meet you down there in a few weeks .
See you soon . Oh , and I appreciate the distraction back there .
Saved a lot of folk from the railroad .
But he killed a lot of men , too .
How much of that story is true ?
Everything but the boring parts .
The Lord says we can bury 'em out back in the orchard , nobody 'll ever find them .
Somebody 's in a vengeful smiting mood today .
So you 're saying I should leave you alone and go spend time with Jimmy Younger ?
Unfair . You are completely unfair .
I used to come to this tree when I was a kid and imagine what my life would be like when I got older .
You did n't want to farm ?
Arr . Hand over your jewels , Missy .
Thank God you grew out of that . You did grow out of that , did n't you ?
Mostly . It would be an all right life , for a bachelor .
You planning on being a bachelor your whole life , Jesse James ?
Not if I find the right girl .
And what 's this right girl like ?
Whose justice ? Yours or God 's ? When will you stop ?
When my name makes them cry in their sleep . When I 've brought them to ashes .
That 's wonderful . It 's just I thought
She 's beautiful . Smart . And has the biggest buck teeth in all of Missouri .
I would never have imagined us in a place like this .
That 's why I picked it . We can start a whole new life down here .
Now , sweetie , y'all would n't go believing one of them silly dime novels , would you ?
Jesse , have you ever noticed that when you 're trying to charm your way out of trouble , your accent gets all farm boy ?
I ca n't believe I had to blow up a train for you .
You are a hell of a woman .
Did you order our houses burned down ?
Not that day . I am guilty of many things , but that was Mr. Thaddeus Rains and Parker , that day .
Almost got me in Billings . I saw you there , shooting at me .
I went myself to oversee the operation . Did n't help much .
That 's what I would have done .
I 'm not hanged yet .
That was for my Ma . Now this is for everybody else .
He 's too important , James . They 'll set the army on you . You and your wife .
This is unusual . Most of our marriages are members of the congregation .
You do n't think God 'll mind , do you ?
The Lord is remarkably tolerant of the charitable . Jesse Woodson James . Jesse James ? The Jesse James ?
I could have lied I suppose , but I want this marriage to be legal . I just want you to know , I 'm trying to start a new life here . I 'm depending on your
Jim , you been with a girl yet ?
Tonight ? Why , I 'm just getting ready to turn on the Younger charm .
Oh , you were talking to Jesse .
Yes , but just so I could find out who you were .
Gosh , that 's a pretty name . Buy you a drink ?
Could we go upstairs and talk ? It 's so loud down here .
Why do n't we get a bottle of sherry to sip while we talk ?
That is so gentlemanly of you .
Well , this land is about to be condemned .
I 'm doing you folks a favor
My professional opinion is that you have managed to piss off the wrong bunch of farm boys this time .
They had to be dealt with !
Mr. Thaddeus Rains , sir , it is a pleasure to have you join us in the field .
And it is my pleasure to be here .
Parker , tell me what 's going on so I can return as quickly as possible to Boston and my whores and cigars , not necessarily in that order .
Two weeks ago , we managed to arrange to have the Army hang one of the local farmers .
They exchanged fire with the Pinkerton Guards , killing several of them . Then they raided the payroll office and blew the tracks for half a mile .
How much did they get from the safe ?
Thirty-five thousand , sir . Coins and currency . And the delay from the miles of destroyed track
I 'll kill them for blowing up my railway !
The final route for the railroad is complete .
I look forward to seeing it .
Look at this , Pinkerton ! They got the payroll , and this damage will set construction back two months at least .
Not to mention my men who lost their lives .
It 's early in the game yet , Mr . Rains . Jesse James and I are just learning how each other moves , feeling out each other 's patterns .
I 'm losing millions of dollars and months of time while you play chess with these farmers !
There are only four banks within that travel radius which they have not robbed .
Can you put men at all four ?
Listen , what are you doing tonight ?
What ? Oh , I 'm busy .
Listen , you 're dating Luis , he 's in Arizona . You 're fucking me , and we have n't made plans . What could you possibly be up to tonight ?
Stop it . I 'm
A facial at Elizabeth Arden , which was really relaxing , then to the Pottery Bam where I bought this silver muffin dish .
Is that Donald Trump 's car ?
Oh God , Patrick . Shut up .
You know , Courtney , you should take some more lithium . Or have a Diet Coke . Some caffeine might get you out of this slump .
Oh Jesus . I 'm going home .
Patrick . Turn on the Light . He turns on the light .
See ? Happy ? You dumb bitch ? Are you happy , you dumb bitch ?
Oh God , just get it over with .
Listen Patrick . Can we talk ?
You look marvelous . There 's nothing to say . You 're going to marry Luis . Next week , no Less .
I have n't seen you around here .
You just have n't been looking .
Do you want to come to my apartment or not ?
I 'm not supposed to . But I can make an exception .
You have a really nice place here Paul . How much did you pay for it ?
Actually , that 's none of your business , Christie , hut I can assure you it certainly was n't cheap .
I 'm not so sure about this . I had to go to Emergency after last time
Oh this wo n't be anything like last time , I promise .
So , you 're looking great , how have you been ?
Well , I actually might need a little surgery after last time .
This is nicer than your other apartment .
It 's not that nice .
Your father practically owns the company . You can do anything you like , silly .
I do n't want to talk about it .
Well , you hate that job anyway . Why do n't you just quit ? You do n't have to work .
Because I want to fit in .
Why don t you just go for Price ?
Oh God , Patrick . Why Price ? Price ?
It 's over , Evelyn . It 's all over
Touchy , touchy . I 'm sorry I brought the wedding up . Let 's just avoid the issue , alright ? Now , are we having coffee ?
I 'm fucking serious . It 's fucking over . Us . This is no joke . I do n't think we should see each other anymore .
But your friends are my friends . My friends are your friends . I do n't think it would work . You have a little something on your upper lip .
But what about the past ? Our past ?
We never really shared one .
If you really want to do something for me , you can stop making this scene right now .
Oh God , I ca n't believe this .
Girls dig Bateman . He 's CQ . You 're total CQ , Bateman .
Thanks , guy , but she 's got a lousy personality .
Do you know what Ed Gein said about women ?
Ed Gein ? Maitre d ' at Canal Bar ?
No . Yes . I mean yes , I did . In the Times . But does n't Paul Owen still live here ?
There was no ad in the Times .
It was a pretty long message , was n't it ?
What exactly do you mean ?
By the way Davis , how is Cynthia ? You 're still seeing her , right ?
But wait , Harold , what do you mean ?
What are you talking about ? Bateman is what ?
Oh Christ . He can barely pick up an escort girl , let alone what was it you said he did to her ?
Now , Carnes , listen to me . Listen very , very carefully . I killed Paul Owen and I liked it . I ca n't make myself any clearer
But that 's simply not possible . And I do n't find this funny anymore .
Because I had dinner with Paul Owen twice in London just ten days ago .
No , you did n't ?
Van Patten looks puffy . Has he stopped working out ?
It looks that way , does n't it ?
Jeez . That 's not a helluva lot , is it ?
Maybe it 's just the light .
I ca n't believe that Price prefers McDermott 's card to mine .
But wait . You ai n't seen nothin ' yet .
Do n't , I 'll drink it .
Listen to me , Patrick . I 'm leaving .
Where to ? Are you going to go get a gram ?
I 'm leaving ! I am leaving !
Marcus Halberstam . For two at eight ?
Your friend has already been seated . Follow me , Mr. Halberstam .
Ricky Hendricks has to cancel today . He did n't say what he was canceling or why .
I occasionally box with Ricky at the Harvard Club . Anyone else ?
Oh ? And what should I say ?
Just say no .
Umm what ? I did n't hear you .
I said Do not wear that outfit again . Wear a dress . A skirt or something .
You do n't like this , I take it ?
Come on , you 're prettier than that .
That is if you 're not doing anything .
Oh no . I have no plans .
Oh Patrick , I ca n't make this decision .
No , come on . Anywhere you want .
Oh , I ca n't . I do n't know .
Come on . Where do you want to go ? Anywhere you want . Just say it . I can get us in anywhere .
Soooo Dorsia is where Jean wants to go
Oh , I do n't know . No , we 'll go anywhere you want .
Yes ? You 're dressed okay .
You did n't give them a name .
You do n't need to lose any weight . You 're kidding , right ? You look great . Very fit .
You can always he thinner . Look better .
Well , maybe we should n't go out to dinner . I do n't want to ruin your willpower .
No . It 's all right . I 'm not very good at controlling it anyway .
Oh . Uh , tape . Duct tape . I need it for taping something . Bateman goes back to the cupboard for the nail gun .
Patrick , have you ever wanted to make someone happy ?
Yes . I do n't think I can control myself .
I know I should go . I know I have a tendency to get involved with unavailable men , and I mean , do you want me to go ?
If you stay , I think something bad will happen . I think I might hurt you . You do n't want to get hurt , do you ?
No . No , I guess not . I do n't want to get bruised . You 're right , I should go .
And do n't forget you have a breakfast meeting with Frederick Bennet and Charles Rust at '21 .
Thanks . It slipped my mind completely .
Where are you ? Patrick , what 's wrong ?
I do n't think I 'm gon na make it , Jean .
Oh really ? DAISY He said He said you gave him bad vibes .
That 's that 's too bad .
You think I 'm dumb . You think all models are dumb .
No . I really do n't .
Hubert 's ? Oh really ? It moved uptown , right ?
Yeah , well , oh boy , listen , I 've got to go . Thank you , uh Victoria ?
Maybe we could have lunch one day next week ? You know , I 'm downtown near Wall Street quite often .
Oh , I do n't know , Victoria . I 'm at work all the time .
What do you mean , she was a hot number .
If you had an American Express card she 'd give you a blowjob . Listen , this girl worked in a tanning salon , need I say more ? What do you do ?
Elizabeth , it 's three in the morning .
He 's a goddamn drug dealer ! These are his peak hours .
Come on . Do n't you find Christie attractive ?
Let 's not get lewd . I 'm in no mood to have a lewd conversation .
Come on . I think it would be a turn-on .
Does he do this all the time ?
Are you telling me you 've never gotten it on with a girl ?
No ! I 'm not a lesbian . Why do you think I 'd be into that ?
Well , you went to Sarah Lawrence for one thing .
Those are Sarah Lawrence guys , Patrick . You 're making me feel weird .
So , what 's the topic of discussion ?
I 've been hired by Meredith Powell to investigate the disappearance of Paul Owen .
You 're not with the FBI or anything , are you ?
Nothing like that . I 'm just a private investigator .
Ah , I see Yes . Paul 's disappearance Yes .
So it 's nothing that official . I just have some basic questions . About Paul Owen and about yourself .
Well , what 's the topic of discussion ?
The disappearance of Paul Owen .
Oh right . Well , I have n't heard anything about the disappearance or anything Not on Page Six at least .
I think his family wants this kept quiet .
So there 's nothing you can tell me about Paul Owen ?
He led what I suppose was an orderly life . He ate a balanced diet .
Well , there 's a message on his answering machine saying he went to London .
Well , maybe he did , huh ?
I mean no one 's dealing with the homicide squad yet or anything , right ?
No , not yet . As I said , we 're not sure . But basically no one has seen or heard anything .
That 's so typical , is n't it ?
It 's just strange . One day someone 's walking around , going to work , alive , and then
Uh , no . There 's one down here .
Oh really ? I did n't know that .
Listen , if anything occurs to you , any information at all
Absolutely , I 'm 100 % with you .
So you hang out here a lot ?
Uh , yes I mean whenever necessary . You know .
I mean they want to get caught .
Dan , great to see you again . Like I said , you need anything at all , I 'm your man . I do n't envy your job . I mean Owen was a complex man .
I actually came to see Timothy Price , but he 's taken a leave of absence .
Yeah , gone into rehab . Shame . Is he a suspect ?
Do you remember where you were on the night of Paul 's disappearance ? Which was on the twentieth of December ?
God I guess I was probably returning videotapes .
I had a date with a girl named Veronica .
Wait . That 's not what I 've got .
Well I Wait What information have you received ?
Let 's see That you were with-
Listen , I 'm a little spent for now but how about lunch in a week or so when I 've sorted out all this information ?
Great , yes , I 'd like that .
And if you could try and pin down where you were the night of Owen 's disappearance , it would make my job a lot easier .
Absolutely . I 'm with you on that one .
Never . I mean I do n't really like singers .
Not a big music fan , eh ?
So , the night he disappeared ? Any new thoughts on what you did ?
I 'm not really sure . I had a shower and some sorbet ?
I think maybe you 've got your dates mixed up .
But how ? Where do you place Paul that night ?
Listen , do you think it 's fair to take money from people who do have jobs ? From people who do work ?
What am I gon na do ?
Get a goddamn job , Al . You 've got a negative attitude . That 's what 's stopping you . You 've got to get your act together . I 'll help you .
You re so kind , mister . You 're kind . You 're a kind man . I can tell .
Do , you know how bad you smell ? The stench , my God .
I ca n't I ca n't find a shelter
Hello , Halberstam . Nice tie . How the hell are you ?
I 've been great . And you ?
How 's the Ransom account going , Marcus ?
It 's it 's all right .
Really ? That 's interesting . Not great ?
Oh well , you know .
Hey , I 'm a child of divorce . Give me a break Hmm , I see they 've omitted the pork loin with lime jello .
We should 've gone to Dorsia . I could 've gotten us a table .
So , was n't Rothschild originally handling the Fisher account ? How did you get it ?
I could tell you that , Halberstam , but then I 'd have to kill you .
And Cecelia , how is she ? Where is she tonight ?
Cecelia is , well you know
I think I kind of lost it . I was just so thrilled to be talking to the richest , most powerful 'Did n't know I even cared about that stuff .
C'mon , how often do you talk to somebody who 's been on the cover of Time . Three of four times .
A lot of what Larry says is true . They just clone stuff , or reverse engineer it , and everybody gets stuck with their inferior version cause they
Then you 've got ta ask him about that .
If my dad 'd leveled with me like that even once The weird thing is , my fantasy he could somehow be like the old Gary ? It 's his fantasy , too .
I think that 's great , Milo . I do .
I forgot . That 's why you have to help me decide .
No way . You have this destiny .
When 's Brian coming for the TV ?
Prob'ly waiting by the phone for Outpost to call . We 'll leave it for him ?
You know he 's never been anybody 's counselor before ?
Milo ! What about ?
To our new life What 's wrong ?
That 's what I need to ask you . You know you ca n't keep anything from me .
It 's the way he said it . Just the way my dad did , when he was caught in a lie . That 's how you knew you were onto something ugly .
What would it mean , anyway ? If he did n't write it ?
He 's your boss . He 's not your
I know , I know .
If you ca n't deal with him on that basis , you better get a new counselor .
Is n't that extreme ?
I mean , if one little comment from Gary is gon na upset you this much
You 're right . It 's a working relationship . Do n't know what I was expecting .
Are you saying you think they had something to do with his death ? Nelson said it was an airtight case .
I do n't know what I 'm saying . Maybe maybe they hired those guys .
It is n't a broadcast studio . It 's a surveillance post or something . That 's why they have the dishes on top .
You 're scaring me . I think we should just go .
Go where ? You ca n't get away from people like this .
Like this ? It 's Gary you 're talking about .
You think I do n't know that ?
Milo . Why would he
How should I know ? Solving a problem , I guess . Or needing to control everything . I do n't know . I 've got ta get in there .
Even if all this were true . There 're 20 other buildings . All of them filled with computers and
If I 'd stayed down there , maybe this wouldn't 've happened .
Poor baby . You know that 's not true .
Why does n't he ask us to his party . He 's never even met you .
He has thousands of employees , Milo
Are you gon na tell me where you went ?
I went to see the Skywire model in Gary 's office . You know . Just to hold it again .
Not like him , is it ? To do a thing like that without telling you . You 're not losing your hold on him , are you ?
He 'll tell me when he gets home .
That 'll be a test , wo n't it ?
Instead of busting my chops you should do something about that girl . Fire her . Or something .
Yes sir . I need to talk to you .
Give me two seconds with Lacy here ? Go on in , I wo n't be a moment .
What seems to be the problem ? You look a little upset .
I am . I am , sir .
If there 's a Civil Rights violation . But generally we let the local police and DA do their work first .
I just wan na help bring these guys to justice . They 're neo-Nazis .
Let me look into it , see what 's being done . Frankly , it 's not my area .
'Just did n't know who else to talk to .
Will I get to work for Outpost ?
No . But you can write your own ticket in the Valley after this . We 're gon na bring down Outpost .
That 's got ta kill him , right ?
Outpost was his baby , sure . On the other hand , we just learned Gary Boyd owns the Skywire satellites . Personally .
Stigma ? Larry ! 60 billion buys you some slack in this world .
And the kid who wrote Skywire then gave it away ? They 're calling him the digital Robin Hood .
You know a lot about art , I guess .
There 's a rumor going around , maybe you 've heard it .
No ! Just waiting for my counselor to come by and introduce himself .
Okay . I 'm Gary .
I hope you know what you mean to me . Not just because of what you 're doing . Because of who you are .
I do know , Gary . I feel the same way . I thought I was coming here for a job . But it 's meant a lot more .
Has n't affected his work , though .
Nothing does . Still . I want him to like me .
Help me change the Skywire settings . Add five degrees to each satellite coordinate .
Gary , do n't worry , we
All the companies know . The faculties tell 'em . At the target schools .
In exchange for endowments . They should just drop the pretense and name the schools after 'em .
I know you lost all his work . Maybe I could come down here and
You are naive . Look at your employment contract : you ca n't work anywhere else in this field for at least few years . Not that I do n't miss you .
It 's only meaningful when you 've got 40,000 lines of code to back it up .
Man , could he write code . Totally elegant . He had his own style .
Your app kind of blew mine out of the water .
We 'll come up with the next big thing .
Could it be a glitch ? Something the construction workers caused ?
Unlikely . All 14 cameras are frozen . Do we call Randy and Phil ? Tell 'em there may have been a break-in ?
Delbert seems to enter # 21 twice . Without leaving the first time .
Let 's get him in here .
Get the backslash , the colon , keys kids do n't use but geeks do . What would Milo want in here , anyway ?
They know . 'Just they do n't trust me with it . So we 'll get the evidence , first , ask questions later .
Now what are we doing ? I do n't get any of this shit !
I launched Skywire . Just pray the last set of coordinates Milo sent me connected us to Gary 's satellite .
I 'm getting a teacher 's pet rep .
I would n't worry about it . You 've got ta figure most people around here were their teachers ' pets .
They just pushed up the schedule on Skywire apps . How fast are you going ?
There is no second place . Plus every time I get jammed-up , Gary has an inspiration . Is it like that with your counselor ?
Mine 's not the CEO . He barely remembers to take a shower .
Right , right . But does he ever just , like , hand you code ?
So , when you were talking about wishing people were more like computers . Was that then ? Or now ?
Then and now . But not right now .
Do we post it on the Net ?
There 're so many disinformation sites about Gary already . Where he has devil 's horns or they crop him in with Saddam Hussein .
We could cross-reference a data base on media ownership . But not on our own computers . Not even at home .
Certainly not at my happy home .
He 's buying up pretty much everything : cable companies , baby bells , picture libraries , museum rights , film archives Getting ready for Skywire .
What about 60 Minutes .
Yeah , they dig stuff like this . CBS News has partnered with Outpost Information Systems in a cable news network due to launch Fall of 2001 .
But still , you ca n't say CBS would n't love to break something like
You 'd have to design a graphic interface to make the data pop . Maybe some audio , too . To tie it all in to Gary . How long would that take you ?
It 's a standard GUI . Once I 've got a concept , it 's maybe three day 's work .
Gary knows I 'm close on Skywire . We have to do this fast .
Before they kill somebody else , too .
Oh , man . I 'd have to get into Gary 's house . To get the satellite positions .
You mean break in ?
Why were you snooping in my office ?
Oh . I liked you . I was checking you out .
'Think everybody in this place is here the same reason we are ?
'Cause their apartments might be bugged ?
Same with the excerpts I 'm choosing : they 'll play against any of the images you described .
Perfect . How am I gon na get away from the party long enough to
You could always say you have to go the bathroom .
That 's lame , is n't it ?
They know , I had no choice . Get out of the house now ! Do you have a laptop ?
It 's three years old , it
Milo , geeks do n't have two girlfriends . Most do n't have one .
I did n't plan this .
So how far are we from the campus ?
Oh we 're not going to the campus .
Gary 's not into fiber optics . He 's betting everything on the satellites .
You wan na survive in the software business , you cover your bets I got ta say , this is the weirdest car anybody ever requested .
There 's nothing in this hall . Someone 's pulling your chain , as usual .
Unless it 's a diversion . Milo 's in my office . He was tailgating , so I
That kid 's the great white hope .
I could get it out of him .
Fellas , I 'm gon na have to ask you to leave here now .
Wait a second . I 'm the one who found out he was mucking around in here in the first place .
What , and watch all my earnings go Down the toilet ?
What do you want , Mr Cunningham , was it ?
Your boss , Number Two , I understand that cat 's involved in big underground drills .
Virtucon 's main interest is in cable television , but they do have a subterranean construction division , yes . How did you know ?
I did n't , baby , you just told me .
It 's for the mining industry , Mr. Cunningham . We can talk about business later . But first , let me slip into something more comfortable .
In Japan , men come first and women come second .
Or sometimes not at all .
How do you feel , Mr. Cunningham ?
Mmm I feel extreme relaxation .
Do you mind if I ask you a personal question ?
Is it about my teeth ?
Austin Powers ? Hi , I 'm Andy Warhol .
Hey , how are you ?
I 'm going to paint this can of soup and become famous and not give you any credit for it .
If you can become famous , everyone will have their fifteen minutes of fame , man .
She 's working on another lead right now .
Then you 'll have to go it alone . Good luck .
Circus folk . Nomads , you know . They smell like cabbage .
Indeed If we could get back to the business at hand . It 's one thing to have a warhead , it 's quite another thing to have the missiles to launch it .
Maybe these photographs are the last piece of that puzzle . I 've uncovered the details on Project Vulcan . It 's a new subterranean warhead delivery system .
Good God , and underground missile . We 've long feared such a development .
My God , Austin , what have you done ?
That 's not your mother , that 's a man !
All right , Austin , I think you should go .
I think if everyone were honest , they 'd confess that the lady looks exactly like a man in drag .
Here 's the number of my dentist , he 's first rate . Ring him up , he 'll look after you .
Thanks , Basil . Maybe the Nineties are n't so bad after all .
Are you more satisfied now sexually , Austin ?
Well , you ca n't always get what you want .
You ca n't always get what you want ! That 's a great title for a song ! I 'm gon na write that , and it 'll be a big hit .
Good on ya , man .
Yes , I am programmed to answer any question .
Really ? Let me ask you this . What is love ?
That 's why right now is a very groovy time , man . We still have freedom , but we also have responsibility .
Really , there 's nothing more pathetic than an aging hipster .
My mother 's told me all about you .
If it 's a lie , goddamn her . It it 's the truth , goddamn me . God , I hope that 's witty . How 's your mum ?
Good morning , luv , who are you on the phone with ?
Do you want to talk to him ?
Watch out , you 're on my hair !
Sorry . Move your hand to the left . There you go . Gorgeous .
Always wanting to have fun , that 's you in a nutshell .
No , this is me in a nutshell .
I ca n't . You 're drunk .
It 's not that I 'm drunk , I 'm just beginning to see what my Mum was talking about . What was my mother like back in the Sixties ? I 'm dying to know .
No , did you use a condom ?
Only sailors use condoms , man .
Well , it means something to me . If you want us to have a relationship , you 've got to be a one-woman man .
It was just a shag , Vanessa . You 're everything to me .
Yeah , I ca n't believe Liberace was gay . Women loved him , man . I did n't see that one coming .
Basil was very concerned to know where you were last night .
Out and about , doing odds and sods .
I 'll tell him . By the way , I 've decided we should keep our relationship strictly professional .
Since I 've been unfrozen , I 've had a rancid taste in my mouth . Do you have a piece of gum ?
Do you think she 's prettier than I ?
Thank God , Austin , we made it .
Yes , act naturally and we 'll split this scene the way we came in , Vanessa .
I 'm not going anywhere . We 're a team .
Too right , youth . That 's why I need you to lead the troops .
I can explain . They attacked me . Gas came out of her well , and then they and I
I believe you , Austin . Let 's go .
Austin , I 'm coming with you .
I 'm going it alone this time , Vanessa . I have a follow-up visit with the Evil Doctor .
It says here , name Danger Powers .
Danger 's my middle name .
Here , have a piece of gum .
Here , have a piece of gum .
No , no , I want you to have it , even if it 's my last piece .
No , no , I want you to have it , even if it 's my last piece .
Oh my God , he 's back .
In many ways , Bob 's Big Boy never left , sir . He 's always offered the same high quality meals at competitive prices .
Commander , I have to log it
That 's a direct order . You did n't see a thing !
We 've got a lot of work to do .
Someone help me ! I 'm still alive , only I 'm very badly burned .
Some of you I know , some of you I 'm meeting for the first time .
Hello up there ! Anyone ! Can someone call an ambulance ? I 'm in quite a lot of pain .
No , the boy 's right . I really am evil .
Do n't be so hard on yourself . You 're here , that 's what 's important . A journey of a thousand miles begins with one step .
The details of my life are quite inconsequential .
That 's not true , Doctor . Please , tell us about your childhood .
Scott , I want you to meet Daddy 's nemesis , Austin Powers .
Why are you feeding him ? Why do n't you just kill him ?
No , we 'll leave them alone and not actually witness them dying , and we 'll just assume it all went to plan .
I have a gun in my room . Give me five seconds , I 'll come back and blow their brains out .
Come , everyone , let us repair to the main chamber . Project Vulcan is about to begin . Scott , are you coming ?
I do n't want to .
I hate you ! I hate you ! I wish I was never artificially created in a lab .
Scott , do n't say that
Do n't you think we should ask for more than a million dollars ? A million dollars is n't that much money these days .
All right then FIVE MILLION DOLLARS !
Virtucon alone makes over nine billion dollars a year .
Oh , really ? One-hundred billion dollars . OK , make it happen . Anything else ?
Well , God knows he tried , but I 've been rather firm with him , Mummy . You did n't tell me he was so obsessed with sex . It 's bizarre .
You ca n't judge him by modern standards . He 's very much a product of his times . In my day he could have any woman he wanted .
You did n't answer my question , Mum .
I know . Let me just say this : Austin was the most loyal and caring friend I ever had .
No , it 's been too long . Best to leave things alone .
I 'm on with a friend ! Look , I 'd better go . I love you .
So , Scott , why do n't we start with you . Why are you here ?
Well , it 's kind of weird .
And how do you feel about that ?
I do n't wan na take over the family business .
What do you want to do , Scott ?
I do n't know . I was thinking , maybe I 'd be a vet or something , cause I like animals and stuff .
We do n't label people here , Scott .
No , he 's really evil .
I just think , like , he hates me . I really think he wants to kill me .
OK , Scott , no one really wants to kill anyone here . They say it , but they do n't mean it .
We 're not yet open for business , I 'm afraid .
Shame . I was recommended . By a friend .
The technology is brand new . Soon it will be more powerful . We anticipate a huge demand . Leave us your number . We 'll be in touch .
No need . I 'll call again .
Would that I could say the Same .
Ah , but you have n't see the real me . Watch closely
No women . Not in Boodles . Not since 1922 .
Really what happened in 1922 ?
Congratulations , Mrs. Peel . You have been a worthy opponent . You have tracked us down . You are within an ace of winning .
This is n't a game .
Quite right , but we still make the rules .
Rules are made to be broken .
Would it be possible to use it for military purposes ?
Directed by laser . Bounced by satellite . Quite possible .
What are you trying to do to me ?
We want to help !
I thought I was a widow . My husband the only man I ever loved is dead . For the rest of my life I have to live with that .
The death of Peter Peel was a great loss . To us all
This is an official matter , Mrs. Peel . No need to take it personally . Where are you going ?
To find out who killed my husband .
Spoil the majority shareholders . In Wonderland Weather . I planned everything , even the Ministry recruiting you
But I found you . All the clues led me here
You disappoint me , Emma . Ca n't you guess ? For you . It was all for you
'Our revels now are ended . '
You know , I believe she 's actually jealous .
Valentine , listen to me
I was about to throw in the towel .
I had a spot of bother at the door .
Red herring would have been too obvious , do n't you think ?
So what was all this some sort of test ?
Dyed in the wool . But I can admire someone who does n't play by the rules .
Rules are made to be broken .
Not by me . Play by the rules , Doctor , or the game is nothing .
And just what is the game ?
I say , this is all terribly formal . Must I go an calling you Dr. Peel ?
Under the circumstances , you may call me Mrs. Peel .
That place is so absurd , so out of date
Do you really think so ?
You know what I mean . This car and you . Nobody walks around like that . Milk ?
Not all Tradition is bad , Mrs. Peel . No thank you .
But why ? What 's the point ?
A Gentleman has to have a code . This is part of mine . A uniform . Think of it as my suit of shining armor .
And I suppose you 're the knight .
The most unpredictable piece on the board . And always ready to protect his queen .
Do we always follow Mother 's instructions ?
For a man in my position
Just what is your position , if you do n't mind my asking . How did a stuffed shirt like you get into this line of work ?
They call me in when they 've reached a dead end . Freelance . Like yourself .
I have no choice . Why should you risk your life ?
After our fencing match , I was rather hoping you would do the risking . More tea ?
Not so much eccentric . More barking mad . He has a wife called June . And a daughter somewhere Julie .
June , July August ?
So I distract him while you snoop around ? How ?
Small talk . Try the weather .
Mother and Dr . Darling have me under observation . They think I tried to kill you .
Why should they think that ?
You told them . You said I arrived on a camel , shot you four times . Left you for dead .
Frankly that 's how I remember it .
I must say , you look more your old self
You mean my other self
Either way may I ask : why you dress in that fashion ?
I should have thought that was obvious I 'm in mourning .
Colonel Crabtree . International Satellite Systems . Formerly of the Ministry .
How on earth can you tell ?
Not quite . This is my field .
Is there anything that is n't ?
That 's what we were working on .
Sounds as if someone 's hijacked your research .
I thought you played by the rules .
I thought you did n't .
Please do n't tell me it 's how you play the game .
After you Mrs. Peel
Drat . Someone wants to implicate you in this affair , Mrs. Peel . Any idea who ?
No idea who . No idea why
Quite . Any childhood friends ? Enemies ?
Not to speak of . Peter and I were both loners . There was nobody .
Very well . I have a friend who might be of assistance . He 's at the Ministry . We 'd better be careful .
I 'm a wanted woman , I know
His name 's Jones . 'Invisible ' Jones .
Why 's he called 'Invisible ' ?
They 're playing your song , Mrs. Peel .
'The Merry Widow ? ' I might have known . Where 's the reception ?
Bad news . Father 's looking for you . Where are those bloody ministers ?
Have a look at this .
Laying in supplies , Mrs. Peel weather may get very nasty and I 've no umbrella
You need n't bother . I ca n't drag you further into this . After all , I am still the chief suspect .
Oh , and by the way , I think it 's about time you got rid of that chip on your shoulder .
If you 'd been through what I have , you would n't
'The owl and the pussycat went to sea - '
' in a beautiful pea green boat '
English weather . You know , after all we 've been through , I should say we deserve a long holiday
Have you any place in mind ?
I do n't recall Siberia being this warm , Steed .
It 's the latest thing , Mrs. Peel .
Ah sun tan lotion . Any shops nearby ?
Must be . Trubshaw 's busy . I 'll send Mother
Your mission is simple . Find out how and why these agents died .
I 'm no spy where do I fit in ?
Think of it as special assignment , Mrs. Peel . With a twist . You 're our chief suspect .
You 're saying I have no choice .
Ah , here we are . Steed asked me to play a hunch : Valentine Peel .
Peter 's brother ? But
Under the circumstances Mother did n't see fit , but I think I can get you in
Well , I ca n't possibly go like this .
You 're not venturing alone , surely .
I 'm going to find out who killed my husband . Will you take these documents to Steed ?
You reek of Mrs. Peel 's Black Leather
It was you who gave Valentine Peel his security clearance you 're the mole who betrayed the Ministry .
Mother betrayed me . She was going to replace me with a younger Father . Errand boy that 's all I was . 'Find Steed '
Well , you found me . Have a sniff of this , why do n't you ? Careful , the scent can be overpowering
Mother . I thought you were burglars .
Brenda and I thought we 'd drop in .
Something went wrong . System malfunction . Explosion . Mrs. Peel had a narrow escape . Suspected sabotage . Nothing proven . File still open .
How come you took so much interest in her , Dr . Darling ?
We had a lead to Wonderland Weather but we got there too late . Someone tipped them off
Too late anyway . Today 's escapade was only for starters . This is no ordinary weather . It 's manmade . A kind of weather bomb .
This man did you see him ?
No . Her husband , she says . Alice tried to warn us . A trap . Tell Mother beware . Tell Father That 's all .
I was hoping you could tell me .
You 're getting yourself into terrible trouble , my son . Weather 's turning very nasty and so am I .
Good . Glad to see they 're together at last . They do n't get along . Promotion . Top job . Most unfair . Quite a fuss at the Ministry .
You do n't say . Like looking for a needle in a
No , please ! I beg you
Walk over to the window
Let it be rain , please let it be
Stay by the window . By the window .
I 'm totally blown away . You 're getting married . It seems like only yesterday I showed you how to have oral sex .
Deb , I want to throw you a shower .
Look at that guy . What a hunk .
Check out the other guy 's buns .
Debbie I do n't believe it . I 'm so excited .
Bobbie , what are you talking about ?
He still thinks I 'm going with him . I 'm going to break the news to him tomorrow .
He 's not gon na be happy . And your parents ca n't be too thrilled either .
What do you think 's gon na go on at the guys ' party ?
They 'll probably get drunk , and watch dirty movies . But do n't worry about the dirty movies .
That 's what we 're going to find out
I feel like I 'm spying on Rick .
Deb , we 're pretending to be hookers .
Right in here . The big show starts in one minute .
I 'm glad you guys came by What 's the occasion ?
Rick 's got an important announcement to make .
Yeah , man . Let 's throw a bachelor party with drugs , booze and broads .
Yeah . Right . All the things that make life worth living .
Hey , you guys , what 's going on ?
We 're going for a little liquid refreshment .
I 've decided not to run for President .
Too bad , man , that blows my chance to be Ambassador to France .
Man , you 're losing your audience .
Okay This is it I 'm getting married .
Yes , gentlemen . Saturday after next , I lose my amateur standing and turn pro .
Hey , man , congratulations !
You sure Gary 's got this whole party deal together ?
Yeah , man , he 's got us a great room at the hotel and lots of chicks .
Michelin tires brand new . A set of Sears Best metric tools
What is this person 's story here ?
Thanks , Dad . Cole , go away .
He 's gon na hurt you , Debbie . He 'll never be true to you the way I would .
I 'm ready to make you another deal .
Ooh , be still , my heart .
I mean it . The car is yours . Dump Debbie .
Gee , guys , what should I do ? The car or Debbie ?
Shit , shit , shit , shit . My car 's gone !
Maybe it had something to do .
Rick Debbie is mine . She 'll always be .
Cole , when was the last time you had a lobotomy ?
Hi , everybody . Am I late ?
Not at all . We 're just finishing lunch .
I know you 're as unhappy as I am about Debbie 's marriage to Rick .
Yes , sir , I am .
Cole , I do n't want you to give up on her .
I 've tried to change her mind .
It 's not her mind you need to change . It 's Disneyland head in there .
But how can I do that ?
So , he 's playing hard ball . Well , two can play that game . Go after him . Stop at nothing . You hear me ?
What ? I 'm sorry , sir , I ca n't hear you .
Cole , my God , boy , what are you doing here ? What happened ?
The bachelor party 's upstairs . They made me get naked . They hung me from the window so high up it was so scary I fell down
Cole , we 've got to talk .
Finally realized Rick 's a jerk , huh ?
Cole , listen to me I 've got to tell you
You know , when you dumped me for that wimp , I thought , Cole , she 'll be back . God wants the two of you to be together , and sure enough
That 's all right , Deb . Go be happy and smile a lot , Deb . Do it for me .
I 'm going now , Cole .
Do n't worry it 's supposed to do this .
Want to hear something great ? Bobbie and Phoebe are throwing me a shower . It 's really gon na be fun .
Not as much fun as the bachelor party the guys are throwing for me .
You 're going to have a bachelor party ?
Yes , but looks are deceiving Not in this case , however .
Are you going to have women at your party ?
No , sweetheart , it 's a stag party . Does stay home .
I 'm not talking about does . I 'm talking about hookers .
Oh , those . Why do you ask ?
Because from what I 've heard , it 's a tradition and you 're a traditional guy .
This is it , lady . Last stop .
Ca n't I just go with you guys ?
Remember , you promised no screwing around .
Did I promise that ? I do n't remember that
Okay , I promise I swear on my mother 's grave .
Your mother 's not dead .
Have a good time . Do n't make it too late .
Anything you say , ma'am . Have a fun shower . Use soap .
Do n't turn on the lights , sugar . I 'll lead you around .
How wonderful . A seeing eye hooker .
The marriage is off . Now you can screw around with your friends for the rest of your life .
I do n't want that . I want to be with you .
And I want to be with someone who understands the meaning of the word commitment .
I am committed . I love you .
If I were you , I 'd worry less about the shower and more about Rick 's bachelor party .
Ilene , why would I want to do that ? I trust Rick .
Are you sure this is a good idea ?
Look , you heard what those hookers said . They were supposed to go to a bachelor party .
That does n't mean it was Rick 's party .
Debbie , men are pigs if they can have women , we can have men .
A strange wang right in my palm .
Ilene , we do n't really know that .
Ed , we 're so glad you could come over at the last minute and judge our little beauty pageant .
My pleasure , Al Always happy to help out in a pinch Excuse me . I better call my service tell them where I am .
So we want your best girls , the cream of your crop .
Let 's see your bread .
This is bad public relations . I was planning to do a lot of business with you . But now I 'm going to have to go elsewhere .
Hey . I 'm sorry . You want girls . I 'll give you girls .
Wait a minute . You been living with Debbie ! Why do you want to get married ?
Because I love her . What can I tell you ?
Gary , how we doing , big stallion ?
Rick , I really think I 'm in love .
Big problem now . Soon they go to customers .
I need them for a bachelor party at the Park View Hotel .
You are being in luck . Customers in same hotel . I let you have them at cut-rate price for 45 minutes .
Sold . 45 minutes . No problem .
So , Larry , how have you been ?
Just in love with everybody . It 's really a beautiful planet . I love you , Rick . I love you guys . I love everybody .
I hate her . I hate her guts , the bitch .
Larry , you and your wife got problems ?
My marriage is the worst . All crap . A big pile of shit .
Maybe your marriage should lay off grains for a while .
She hates me . It 's over . You 'll see , as soon as you get married , everything changes . You sure you want to go through with it , man ?
What do you mean , it changes ?
Guys , I think I 'd rather stay here .
C'mon , Larry . Be good for you .
Lar sometimes when people are mad they say things they do n't mean .
No , she hates me I want to end everything here now .
You 're trying to kill yourself with an electric razor ?
I could n't find any razor blades .
Well , this is terrific . Now you 're gon na have wrists that are smooth and kissable . Just go out there . Forget about everything and laugh it up .
Ha , ha , ha .
You 're all under arrest . Open up !
Your attention , please . May I be the first to say , It 's a raid !
Rick , hit the ball easier , son . You do n't have to kill it .
Ca n't I just maim it a little ?
Well , I have to admit my game 's a little rusty , but I love polo . It 's unrelenting , a constant challenge to the senses . Really a beautiful experience .
Rick , I want to cut through the b.s .
Er perhaps we ought to stop now .
No . Let 's at least finish the set .
Girls , why do n't we go inside for lunch . Boys , would you mind bringing in that lemonade ?
In a second And you 're irresponsible . Show some initiative , try to better yourself , stop showing off , actions speak louder than words .
The thought of that person marrying my daughter makes me want to upchuck .
You can tell a man by his friends .
You 've been having strange sex !
No , Brett , I
Do n't you love it when old friends stop by ?
Hey , I 'm starved Let 's go get something to eat . We 'll bring back food for everybody .
I do n't get it . Why did n't you go for it just now ?
I do n't know . Maybe it 's because I love Debbie or maybe it 's hard for me to get off in a place that smells like egg salad . I 'm not sure .
This is your bachelor party . You have n't had sex with anyone yet .
Get a few drinks into me , we 'll dance and see what happens .
What are you going to do about it ?
What can I do ? I 'm dead . Debbie 's going to go crazy and end the whole thing .
You always were sneaky , Stan , very sneaky .
Rick , marriage will be good for you . It 's done wonders for me .
That 's an even trade a cotton ball for all my blood .
Okay , Rick , all finished . I ca n't wait for that bachelor party I need the action .
Nah , that 's okay . My brother has to look up old people 's asses all day long . Let 's give him a break .
Right . Give me the will to live . Let me go first .
Thanks a lot , that was the best . You 're next .
Nah , not yet . Look , you 're my older brother . I need some advice here . What 's the deal with marriage ? What can I expect ?
Oh it 's er the guys from the beer convention . We 're bringing them to the party .
Great . I was wondering , how do you guys go to the bathroom in that thing ?
What ? I thought you told me you had it all figured out .
Maybe I did I do n't remember .
It 's gon na flash , Stevie . We got ta get behind it .
Nah , listen to it . It 's a pussy . It 'll just steam on us . It wo n't flash . Go high in the ceiling .
Hey , baby McCaffrey . First one 's the clincher . You did okay .
My Lt. might have something to say about that .
Well , look what we have here . Nice costume . Rent it ?
I want to thank you for coming to my graduation , Stephen . It was a great inspiration to me .
I like what you 've done with the place .
It 's comin ' along want a beer ?
People actually used to pay you for this ?
Millions , Stephen And sexual favors .
I got ta do this , Stephen . I got ta know .
I think you 're gon na find out , Brian . Do n't be late tomorrow .
Look , Brian , a photographer . Maybe I can get on the cover of LIFE magazine , too .
C'mon , let 's crawl home .
Hey , what are you doing here ?
Just Just wanted to say hello
Well , long as you 're here you can help clean up a little . I 've got a guy coming to look at this in a few minutes .
You 're selling dad 's boat ?
Yeah , it 's just another memory in my life right now . And I got way too many of them
I really should get back . There 's there 's something I 'm supposed to do .
I hate him so much sometimes , Stephen . You do n't know how hard it was for me to put that uniform on
Maybe I do What a fuckin ' mess , huh ? People can change Brian .
Oh God , Stephen , what 's going on with you ?
I do n't know , Brian I do n't know
You crazy son of a bitch , why could n't you stay behind a desk where you belong ?
You never know till the fire stares you down if you 're gon na be
Do n't tell them about Adcox Do n't let 'em
I 'm sorry I 'm sorry I thought I wo n't .
Not quite . Just visiting . I live in Lincoln Park now .
Yeah ? What have you been up to ?
Well , if nothing else , it 's nice to know we can still be friends .
I do n't want to be your friend , Brian .
Let me tell you something . Martin Swayzak is going to be this town 's next mayor .
Yeah . Swayzak . Humanity 's last hope . How can you work for that guy ?
Brian , do you always have to be so stupid ? Think about your future for once .
So now you suddenly care about my future ?
Boss and I are up to about three words an hour .
Green committed to a thousand . There 's another fund-raising party tonight . Marty 'd really like you to come .
You think that 's really any of your business ?
Well , you did invite me here .
No , he 's more of a dinosaur . Guy 's not a dummy , though . He 's juggling alot of balls on this one .
Yeah , but it does n't take Albert Einstein just to figure out if these guys were killed by accidents or not .
When I came back , I knew more than anything else that I wanted to be a fireman .
Then why did you quit ?
We still talking ? Look , I 'm sorry about the other day
Swayzak knows something about the guys that were murdered . I want to know why he keeps that hidden .
I do n't know anything about it .
You could check . It 'd be in his files .
I think your boss is going to need some spin control .
I quit two days ago , Brian .
I 'll see ya around , huh ?
It 's a small town .
Brian McCaffrey Oh this is really a treat . Brian McCaffrey . Lost a dad to the animal , huh ?
Hey , do I know you ?
I 'm close but I ca n't get who it is
So you came to me Well , this is going to be an interesting afternoon after all
You got ta tell a story too , Brian . It 's fair . C'mon , do n't think too hard
I I thought it was great . I loved it . It was nothing to these guys medium deal .
If it was a joke , sir , you 'd be laughing .
You walked out on this academy six years ago . One week to graduation . You think we forgot that ? You think I did ?
Uh , I 'm Brian McCaffrey . Your new assistant .
Your Dennis ' kid . I work alone .
Then go find a corner . I do n't want you in my way .
I think we should get something straight here . I was assigned to this office by the city .
Look , it is n't proof , okay ? Someone may have put the chemical in the outlet , but we found it as a vapor in Cosgrove 's clothes .
And the putty around the door ?
No , we have a stone killer trying to make a point .
Are you going public with this ?
What the hell are you doing here ?
I 'm finished with Swayzak . I 'll do whatever you want me to do . I just want to help catch the guy that burned Tim . You got ta give me another shot .
That 's Sean ? Jeez , he 's a giant .
Yeah , you 'd be surprised what three years can do to a kid .
Sean , come on out , man . What , you forget your favorite uncle ?
Stephen told him you were killed in a hot tub accident .
Well that 's two things to strangle Stephen for . Where is he , anyway ?
Stephen 's not staying here now , Brian . He moved out last April .
Oh , man , I 'm sorry .
You guys ought to try picking up a phone once in awhile .
Uh , I think there 's been a mistake . I did n't save that woman .
No need to be modest , Brian .
Yeah , we got all kinds of traditions like dying young .
Not every job in the fire department comes with a tombstone , Brian . This could be a great opportunity to move beyond a fire engine .
How 'd you know ? These are supposed to be sealed .
Lucky guess . And a case of scotch to a captain in station assignments .
And just this year , Brian 's Sound Spectrum . Your own company even . Big step .
I was ahead of my time .
I hate it when we got ta fucking go look for it .
Call in another alarm . We 're gon na need some back-up .
Uh , Helen , I wanted to talk to you a second about Sean
Stephen , I 'm kinda busy here , can we talk about this later ?
Oh yeah ? How 's he doing ?
He 's going to be a fireman .
Give up , babe . You ca n't fight it . Believe me , my mom tried
Stephen , you got ta stop just showing up on the roof like this .
Ah Stephen , that 's what this is really about , is n't it ? You always have to be right .
Hey , I 'm the first one to admit when I 'm wrong .
Cook and I are almost finished here . Have a seat .
Stephen I can I talk to you a second
Anyway , down here , take a look
McCaffrey , hold this for us .
Probably got in Cosgrove 's clothes in a gas state from the fire .
What the hell was it doing in the fire ?
Did n't think you 'd make it .
Would n't miss this for the world , pal .
Is he a fireman ? I like firemen .
You like everybody , Ronald .
It knows us . This one knows us .
I need that report , Lt .
Do n't you have any leads at all ?
No Marty , I do n't .
I 'm a little busy right now
This 'll only take a minute . There 's two cops outside that want to ask you about this
But you could do it , baby . We could use the bread
You mean you could use it .
There . Now you 've got your profit and more . You 'll have more product day after tomorrow , right ?
Uh - right . Sure . The Mets are gon na win tomorrow .
Fuck yesterday 's game . The World Series is seven games not six . Put in my bet .
Let me think about it .
I got them all going for Oakland . With bullshit money . We 'll cover the $ 800 .
All right . What are you gon na do ?
OK asshole . You owe thirty grand . Now what are you gon na do ?
I wan na go double or nothing on the next game .
Fuck Strawberry . You 're gon na end up owing 60 G to a homicidal maniac !
That 's my problem . Just put in my bet .
The fucking rapists , man . The punks who raped that nun . The $ 50,000 reward from the Church ! Remember ?
Yeah . Sure . Yeah . We 're on it bigtime . Lots of leads . You bet .
Same thing , y'knowwhatI'msayin ' , y'knowwhatI'msayin ' !
We know . We know . Yo , check it , my black brothers , we ca n't let this slide . Not this injustice . Nah , no way . Dem ' two real coons iz ill .
You idiot . You almost gave me a massive coronary .
I did n't mean to scare you like that .
I 'm not callin you Big Black Africa . Mommy and Daddy named you Julius .
BIG BLACK is the first name and AFRICA is the last .
Damn , Sis , you do n't keep no food up in here in dis ' piece .
I order out mostly . So what do I owe this visit to ?
And another thing , you better stay away from my sister or you better
Ladies and gentlemen , there is no need to go there . We can all agree to disagree without making threats .
You 'd try anything . I got first dibs . You get ya own stuff .
Naw , just jokin ' . That 's you . That 's you .
DeLa - what 's the matter with you .
You ai n't happy about the green light ?
You 're in this up till ya neck .
Do n't shoot me , I 'm just the piano players .
You can walk away . We both can .
Yeah , that 's easy for you to do . You never had any talent .
Sloan and I have been looking all over for you .
You 'd take no offense if we called you DeLa for short ?
What about in the mean time ? Not the in between time ?
You 'll both get an advance and you can stay with me .
Gentlemen , the show , our show will be satirical . You know what that is , do n't you ? Trust me on this one .
We might need some mo ' money behind this .
Hurry up , I wan na watch HBO .
Did we get our bill yet ?
Chill , I 'm the brains behind this outfit .
And I 'm the feet .
We got evicted from our home . We 've both been on the streets for the last week .
We was coming to see you .
Manray , Sloan says you 're too talented to be dancing on the street .
Well do something about it .
DeLa , I 'm aboard . As long as I get to hoof and get paid too !
That 's right . Money turns the wheel .
I 'm always gon na be that . But I ai n't doing no more buck dancing .
No costume . No blackface .
No matter how sexist or racist the material may be ?
Yes . And I say yes because who is to judge ? Who is to stand before us and say this is righteous and this is not ? Who ? Who can play God ?
Are you trying to excuse our Holocaust ?
Can I finish ? Thank you . I had a great Aunt , we called her Sister . She went to her grave not believing man had walked on the Moon .
Do you know how much information can be dispensed in one minute alone ?
I did n't find out about this very important staff meeting until
I 'm sorry about my blowup but I have to have a whipping boy every meeting .
I understand . But again , in all honesty I was not informed .
Do n't worry about that , that 's my department . Now who do we cast ? We need a star . Can Whoopi sing or dance ?
I do n't know if Whoopi is the way to go .
Mantan is an uneducated Negro who always by some stroke of unbelievable stupidity makes his best laid plans go haywire .
And Sleep 'n Eat is his comical sidekick ?
Protest finally forced Amos and Andy off the air . Could stop us from ever getting on .
Let'em try . I will kill to make this happen .
We gon na hit 'em wid da BOMB DICKEY on dis ' one . What 's the setting ?
In the projects . Like Eddie Murphy 's The PJ 's .
And every week these Alabama porch monkeys will make us cry , make us laugh , make us look at our own humanity . Make us feel good to be alive .
I do n't know about that plantation angle .
You 're telling me some white boy is gon na direct this pilot ?
I just want you to meet him . Keep an open mind .
That 's exactly my point . Has he even directed actors before in anything ?
No ! Just meet the guy . That 's all I 'm asking . Look , I 'll even let you choose your own musical director . You can have that .
I 'm gon na leave you two creative geniuses alone .
Dunwitty , do n't leave .
I do n't give a good goddamn about Finland , Norway , Sweden or wherever ya blond ass came from .
We just punched it up a bit . Made it funnier .
Hold on a sec , I got a call .
Hello , Mommy , let me get rid of this other call .
I gots to go , it 's my Moms .
I want to meet her one day , please tell her the great news . I 'm OUT like Vanilla Ice .
Go away , unless you got my money .
It 's me , Peerless .
Son . Good to seeya . Good to seeya .
It 's been a long time .
Good woman . I trained her right .
Daddy , she 's younger than me .
I did . I 'm not an alcoholic . I just like to drink .
How did you end up here ?
That 's what I 'm askin ' .
Because I had too much pride . Too much integrity . I would n't lick nobody 's butt . Some material I refused to do .
That 's the only reason , period . They only want one certain kind of black comic .
Another one of your conspiracies to hold ya career back ?
Enough about me , what 's happening with you ?
The same old , same old . Trying to get my stuff through .
Dem white boys giving you a hard time ?
Nuthin ' I ca n't handle .
The truth is never let them seeya sweat . You do that , that 's half the battle .
Where do you go from here ?
Let 's get him over to the bed .
Baby , you treat me so good . Peerless , you 're a good son , I love you . You never gave me no trouble .
How long has my father been like this ?
Not that often . He was excited to see you .
Do n't tell him it 's from me or he wo n't take it .
Your father is proud of you .
How can this be ? You and me at the same time , the exact same thought . It 's scary .
The idea was out there in the universe . Now what ?
Manray was under our nose the whole time .
Do you know how you will use him ?
Ca n't you just quit ? Walk away ?
And lose out on my money ? The only way I get paid is if I get fired . And that 's what I intend to do .
Maybe something happened to them . Maybe they 're lying in an alley bleed to death .
Manray better not be bleeding to death . I need him . After we 're done he can do whatever he wants to do , until then , he 's ours .
Even if money was n't an issue , Dunwitty will still go ahead without me and that could be more dangerous .
What 's the chances of MANTAN being picked up ?
This is the group I was telling you about .
Which one is your brother ?
Your life will never be the same .
Let 's leave the man in peace so he can get ready .
So you have your small victory , now what ?
A small victory is n't that small when you 've been use to losing .
That crazy brother of yours does n't think so .
He 's just playing big brother .
Oh , is he ? You getting jiggy with Mantan ?
Please do n't go there .
Dunwitty and I feel you 've been getting too close to him , getting his mind all messed up .
I ca n't lie to him . If he asks me something , I tell him what I think .
That was a mistake , but I do n't regret it .
The first and only time . A big mistake . I 'm gon na have to ask you not to see Mantan anymore .
Do n't make me have to use this .
I did n't think this was in your studies at NYU .
You should n't even be mad at me over Sloan .
What you did is dead wrong .
Oh , is it ? Buddy boy , in this business if people do n't produce , they get fired .
Sloan is the hardest working person I 've ever met .
Mantan , we got a show to tape .
My name is Manray , goddamnit .
You hear me talkin ' to you . The only time you come up here when something is wrong .
C'mon , Mommy , do n't start with that I 'm an ungrateful son stuff .
It was . It is . But this is a different kind of show .
If at first it 's not what you want , just work that much harder , Peerless .
I know what 's on my birth certificate . You heard from Daddy ?
I guess he 's still on the road . What kind of show is this ? Are they some Negroes in it without being buffoons ?
To answer your question , there are a lot of Negroes in it and what is your definition of buffoons ?
Peerless , I did n't raise a buffoon . We have enough of those on television already .
Please let me know when you hear from Daddy , get a number or something .
I will . And good luck with your show . I hope it 's a huge success . You 've worked very hard . You deserve it .
He 's performing at some place outside of Richmond , Virginia .
I ca n't go all the way down south .
Richmond is not all the way down south .
I do n't even know why you 're still concerned over him . Daddy 's not with you .
Regardless , he still is your father .
It 's gon na be hard for me to get away with the show taking off .
Even more reason to see him . He 'll be overjoyed with your success .
C'mon , Mommy . Daddy has n't been impressed with anything I 've ever done . From winning my fifth grade Spelling Bee to the present .
Of course I 'm happy for you . You 've worked very hard for your success .
Yes I have , very hard . Has Daddy called ?
Ahhh ! I never heard of that term before . I thought you were BLACK of African-American . No ?
Well before there was BLACK or AFRICAN AMERICAN , there were NEGROES . I 'M A NEGRO .
This is a TV show , not a music video .
Then will you teach me what I need to know . Maybe we learn from each other , if that 's possible , no ?
Myrna is here to help us plan our strategy .
The best defense is offense .
I never had a really real pair before .
You 've never had any formal training , either ?
Not a class , not a thing , just picked stuff up by myself .
I wish I had your natural talent . God only makes that visit once in a while .
If that was suppose to be a compliment , I thank you .
You 're welcome . You should n't give up on performing .
Our guest tonight is the extraordinary , talented performer , Mantan . Thanks for coming in .
Tavis , thank you for having me .
This is my best friend Sleep 'N Eat .
And this is my very best friend Mantan .
Well , thank you Mistuh Sleep 'N Eat .
Give or cousins some of dem educated feets .
Too bad . How 'bout a dress ?
Sleep 'N Eat , one of dem slinky , sexy , little foxy
Not for me , my woolly headed cotton pickin ' friend for
I thought you got rid of
I fell out of my bed last night .
You slept too near where you got in ?
Hold on , you allegorical hypothesis . Do n't cross words with me .
Ai n't Jemima on the pancake box ?
I do n't know who I am .
Well , I 'll be an Alabama porch monkey 's uncle .
I feel a song a comin ' on .
A song a comin ' I feel .
People show their happiness in a lot of different ways .
Well , homeboy , looks like he 's at a funeral .
I hope you save a little somethin ' somethin ' .
Gots no intention of ending up broke .
Y'know , at the beginnin ' of the century , African-American had to perform in blackface . You ever heard of Bert Williams ? He was a great artist .
No , before my time .
You do n't read , do you ?
Never read a book in my whole life .
Do n't try to change to the subject .
Why do n't you answer ?
Is your mother not afraid on account of the highwayman to let one so young as you travel ?
Not at all , sir . I have a pair of good pistols that have already done execution , and are ready to do it again .
Both of us ride home with Best here .
I 'm not afraid of highwaymen . My man is armed , and so am I .
There 's nothing else for it . Take your ground , Grogan twelve paces , I suppose ?
Ten , sir , and make them short ones , do you hear , Captain Grogan ?
Pooh ! Pooh ! Best , you are joking .
I never was more in earnest .
This is a very good inn . Shall we stop for dinner ?
This may be a very good inn for Germany , but it would not pass in old Ireland . Corbach is only a league off , let us push on for Corbach .
Upon my word , sir , I think you have acted very coolly .
I have acted as I think fit .
This is a pretty way to recommend yourself to the family .
The man that marries Dorothy Dugan must first kill me do you mind that ?
Dorothy might love me or not , as she likes , but Best will have to fight me before he marries her !
Faith , I think you are a lad that 's likely to keep your word .
Have you taken my message to him ?
The meeting is arranged . Captain Best is waiting for you now .
And now you risk the same fate . If you are killed , your mother is all alone in the world .
I am Harry James ' son , and will act as becomes my name and quality .
I hope to spoil this sport , and trust to see this sword of mine in that big bully 's body .
Oh , it 's with pistols we fight . You are no match for Best with the sword .
Not against Castle Dugan gate , that has been off the hinges these ten years .
It must have been some other gate .
She took on so at your going away that she was obliged to console herself with a husband . She is now Mrs. John Best .
Mrs. John Best ! Was there another Mr. John Best ? !
Mr. O'Higgins , I can not say how grateful I am for your timely assistance to my wife .
I am only sorry that I was unable to prevent the villain from carrying off all her ladyship 's money and pearls .
Whom have I been harboring in my house ? Who are you , sirrah ?
Sirrah ! Sirrah , I am as good a gentleman as any in Ireland !
Chevalier , though I can not say how , I believe you have cheated me .
I deny your Grace 's accusations , and beg you to say how you have been cheated ?
Chevalier , if you will have your money now , you must fight for it . If you will be patient , maybe I will pay you something another time .
Your Grace , if I am so tame as to take this , then I must give up an honorable and lucrative occupation .
Ten thousand ? But the scoundrel owes me seventy thousand .
Your honor must lower his voice .
You are the young man who M. de Seebach recommended ?
Yes , sir . Here is my letter .
You come highly recommended by Herr Seebach .
Herr Seebach was a very kind employer .
Who else can give me information about you ?
Only the agency of servants .
But they will prevent a meeting at whatever the cost .
Have no fear . It will come out well for me .
It is distasteful to kill a scoundrel that should be work for a hangman .
To risk one 's life against such people is an imposition .
Perfectly so ; and what is more , I will tell you that I love her , and that I am not of a humor to put up with rivals .
Very well ! Now that I know it , I will no longer love her .
Very well ; but a man who yields takes to his legs .
That is a trifle strong .
That man has , perhaps , not yet been born .
What ! You have not met a man worthy of your attention ?
Many worthy of attention ; but valuing is something more . I could value only someone whom I loved .
Then you have never loved ? Your heart is empty .
But if , when I love , I am unhappy , I will know that my empty heart was my good fortune .
That is true , but it seems to me impossible that you should be unhappy in love .
It is only too possible . Love requires a mutual harmony which is difficult , and it is even more difficult to make it last .
I agree ; but God put us on earth to take that risk .
To make me wretched in two weeks .
To love you until death . To subscribe to all your commands .
The amusing thing is that you deceive me without knowing , if it is true that you love me .
Deceiving someone without knowing it is something new for me . If I do not know it , I am innocent .
And if she does not choose to show you some kindness ?
Then I will respectfully take leave of her .
You will do as you please . It seems to me that such a matter can hardly be discussed until after people know each other . Do you not agree ?
Yes but I am afraid of being deceived .
Will we always leave it at this ?
Always , my dear one , never any further . Love is a child to be pacified with trifles . A full diet can only kill it .
Suppose , now , Roderick , you , who are such a hero , was passing over the bridge and the enemy on the other side .
I 'd draw my sword , and cut my way through them .
Monster ! Your father was a tailor , and you are always thinking of the shop . But I 'll have my revenge , I will ! Roddy , will you see me insulted ?
Indeed , Miss Dorothy , I intend to have his blood as sure as my name 's Roderick .
All the same , you must name an amount .
It is entirely up to you . I want the best .
The King has determined to send the Chevalier out of the country .
When is he to go ?
Did you buy the horse , papa ?
Now , just have a little patience , my boy . Your birthday is n't until next week .
But I will have it on my birthday , wo n't I ?
Well , we 'll just have to wait and see , wo n't we ?
Your bother is in America fighting the rebels .
Is he all right , papa ?
Yes . He brought me in his carriage , and he will call for me at midnight .
And he does n't care about me ?
He is only curious to know who you are .
If his love were like mine , he would not permit you to come here .
He loves me , as I love you .
Will he wish to know the details of this night ?
Do n't like 'em , do n't eat 'em , do n't make no damn difference to me .
You know that was like a quadruple negative ?
Can I at least have a drink ?
It 's ten thirty in the morning .
Do n't you ever point a gun at me !
I 'm I 'm sorry
He is the only one unaccounted for .
Maybe he 's dead too . Maybe you killed them both , Mueller
Hey , I Holy fuck holy fuck , what the fuck did you guys do ?
We found him like this
We got I do n't know , we got separated
Before or after the explosion ? Mueller
We finished the course and came here , then heard an explosion Where 's Pike ?
We do n't know . West is dead .
What about you , wandering around alone ? At least we have an alibi
What do you mean , alone ?
Holy fuck Holy fuck , what the fuck did you guys do ?
We found him like this
You 're under military arrest , it 's not gon na happen . What 's wrong with baseball ?
It 's too slow .
Well , it 's a game of anticipation , that 's the beauty .
I just do n't like it .
I do n't know I like the Army .
C'mon , Ray , everyone hates the Army during Basic . I 'll tell you straight , I hated it here .
Why 'd you ask for a cop , Ray ?
I 'm not telling you what happened .
And those were the guys who went on the exercise with you ?
Yeah . And that 's all I 'm saying .
So Childs made some side money , so what ? People are dead , Ray , and the only one we have to blame is you
I did n't shoot West
I promised them I 'd ask you where West and the others are
Washout rejects , guys he said were dumbfucks too stupid to know they dead
That first night with Pike . I made the mistake of letting him sit down at around 0300 .
Tell us about the other guys , the ones West weeded out .
Why did n't you tell us all this in the first place ?
Would you have believed me ?
Is that what I did , now ? And of course , you can prove all of it .
We can prove that you 're not Ray Dunbar . Impersonating a fellow Cadet is a court-martial in and of itself
Ohhhh , I do n't think so
How do you know that ?
You know how to work a pistol , Dunbar ?
Sir , yes , sir !
Pike and I got separated then I heard gunfire . Close .
So did we . Why did n't you come ?
What do you mean , West 's ?
I mean I killed him . Is n't that what we all wanted ?
You got ta untie me . I did n't do this thing , Ray .
You hated West more than any of us .
Maybe , but that do n't make me a killer
You 're the only one missing a grenade .
We 're sweeping our area and suddenly he 's gone . Couple minutes later , phosphorous grenade pops off about a third of a click away
That 's exactly what he says about you .
You hated West , Mueller loved him
Enough to go to prison ? Childs ' PX scam , Mueller was in on it
Why why did n't you tell me ?
Becoming a morphine addict during Basic ai n't exactly something you want to broadcast . Only Mueller and Childs know .
That still does n't mean you did n't kill him .
You saw West , right ? How was he killed ?
You I 've seen you around the Base . But you You 're not Army , are you ?
Coast Guard , special detective detail . We feel this incident may have put the beaches of Florida at risk .
I 've done nothing wrong . I 'm the victim here .
But not the only victim , right ?
My father is a powerful man . Over the years he 's used that power to protect me , in one form or another , from certain unpleasantries . I am a homosexual .
Senator Daddy must be thrilled .
Levi , I do n't know if you 're familiar with investigative work , but we have this little thing called motive and you just gave yourself one .
You said you wanted to know what happened I 'm telling you the truth .
Why did he come back for you ?
I honestly do n't know . Maybe to have someone to cover for him . And I wish I could , but there 's no doubt in my mind he killed those men .
You tried to pin three stone murders on Dunbar
How many murders did you cover up ? One ? Five ? Maybe an even ten .
Dunbar was running out the door ? Ohhhhhh See that 's where I was confused , because I thought you said Nunez was running out the door .
No . I said Dunbar .
Jail if he 's lucky , the gas chamber if he 's not
I did n't do anything
Which gives us about five hours . Why 'd you call me ?
The guy in interrogation said he 'd only talk to a cop .
Tom , bottom line : I let those kids go out there . If JAG shows up and I do n't have any answers for them , my career is finished
I 'm not gon na let that happen .
He 's not done by a longshot , I can get more out of him
He can wait . Kendall 's out of surgery .
We 've already been over the terrain twice . Nothing .
There was a hurricane , Bill , the wind probably moved it .
Without the body we have no physical proof . We need a confession .
From Dunbar ? I hate to break this to you , but I do n't think he 's gon na be all that psyched to put himself in for the death penalty .
You mean not enough to save you .
JAG gets here in three hours . Try for the confession .
You 're a good soldier , Bill .
I thought you said that was n't a compliment .
You poisoned him , Bill . You heard our interrogation , you knew he was ready to crack , so you killed him , just like Pike .
I 'm not even going to dignify that
You ca n't duck this , Bill . I may have done every goddamn thing in my life wrong but I wo n't let this happen .
For the last time , I have no idea what you 're talking about
I did n't mean that as a compliment .
Sergeant West 's served for twenty- three years . He 's the public face of the modern Army .
Got ta be honest , I love what you 've done with the place
You and the Colonel go back .
It was for suspicion of bribery , it 's really all in the wording
Wording and your friendship with the Colonel aside , I 'm not comfortable having you involved in this .
Levi ? Who names their kid Levi
Senator Jonathan Kendall , of Ohio .
I questioned him for three hours and he did n't make a sound . You do n't have a badge , he wo n't talk to you .
Ten bucks says I have him talking in under three minutes .
The Colonel saw you shoot Nunez , you 're a murderer
See , Ray , this is what we call good cop , bad cop . She shouts , I stand up for you , you 're grateful , a bond of trust is established .
We 're in the middle of a murder case
Best time for banal chit-chat .
You do understand that there 's absolutely no way I could ever be attracted to you , right ?
I plan to grow on you .
You guys really got the shit kicked out of you here .
Imagine what it must have been like for them out there . What do you think of Dunbar ?
But we have to question him Thought you did n't have cigarettes
I lied . Wait for it
Too neat . How long have you been an investigator ?
I do n't think that has anything to do with
I just He came back for Kendall . I do n't think he 's capable of murder .
Everyone 's capable of murder , Osborne .
They believe the innocent are guilty and the guilty are innocent .
And if they 're asked , that 's what they 'll tell the , world .
Yeah , I could 've . Should 've .
You wanted to get the truth .
No , I did n't . I wanted to humiliate him . For what he did to Dunbar . For fucking over the little guy .
You mean the falsely accused ?
We were close to something with Kendall .
Maybe Maybe we were nowhere near . Sometimes mysteries stay mysteries . I have n't by any chance grown on you , have I ?
We got maybe three minutes till they break it down .
Right back where we started .
Do I have a choice in this ?
Yeah . I can wait till you 're off the base and do it myself .
A word of advice about women that first hour or so after they kill their boss ? Probably not the best time to hit on them .
I should probably write that down .
The thing is , we 've got a real opportunity here . You turn me in tomorrow and we 're both fucked
What are you talking about ?
You ever been in a hurricane , Mueller ?
You ever been in a hurricane , Mueller ?
We should tell him we 're not going .
Oh , yeah , Excuse me , Sergeant , sir , we do n't feel like going out we do n't want to get rained on . He 'll kick our asses from here to Cleveland .
I remember now , it was before the explosion
Oh , you remember now
He could n't kick you out so he wanted you to quit on your own .
He wanted more than that .
But you did n't see it , right ?
Like I said , I was in the kitchen . When I came out , Mueller and Pike were dead , Nunez and Childs were hit and Dunbar was gone .
We all know what you did , Pike . I do n't know what kind of nigger voodoo you been working in here , but
Where 's your shirt , Mueller ?
I used it to start the fire
Still got mine on , not a speck of blood on it . Not a bad trick for a murderer you said you burned yours ?
Goddammit , Ray , we got ta get out of here
We 're not going anywhere .
Funny . I swear I saw them bring him and the smaller guy in this morning .
No , no that was Cadet Dunbar
You want Kendall , do n't you ?
He tried to burn Dunbar to us . You do n't do that if you 're not involved .
You never told me why you got kicked out of
The army kicked you out for drugs
Great , great . That 's fantastic .
It was on that night Karl met his destiny . And I met mine . Almost .
See ! The big guy likes it .
I just saw the woman I 'm going to marry , I know it . But then I lost her .
Tough break . Most men have to get married before they lose their wives .
I 'm going to spend the rest of my life looking for her . That or die alone .
I know her uncle . Friends of the family .
Who is she ? Where does she live ?
Did n't kill anything , did I ?
A few rabbits , but I think one of them was already dead .
I was wrong about you kid . You may not have much , but what you got , you got a lot of . You could get any girl .
There 's only one I want .
The poet ? What ever happened to him ?
He 's still here . Let me buy you a drink . I 'll tell you all about it . Hell , I 'll have him tell you .
You wo n't find a better place !
I do n't expect to .
What the hell are you doing ? This is my girl . Mine !
I did n't know she belonged to anybody .
Glad to see you 're not trying to have a heartfelt talk . It 's one of my greatest annoyances , when people talk to those who ca n't hear them .
My father and I have an advantage . We never talk .
How long have you known my father ?
Thirty years . Maybe more .
I 'm eight . That means when I 'm eighteen , you 'll be 28 . And when I 'm 28 , you 'll only be 38 .
You 're pretty good at arithmetic .
How are you gon na make it without your shoes ?
I suspect it will hurt a lot .
I wo n't be selling you this house , Mr. Bloom .
I see . I thank you for your time .
It 's okay , just leave it .
I can get it . I can just
Will never told you that ? Probably just as well . He would have told it all wrong anyway . All the facts and none of the flavor .
Oh , so this is a tall tale ?
I thought you said you did n't have a church wedding .
Well , we were all set to , but there was a complication .
Is it the medicine that 's making you thirsty ?
Truth is , I 've been thirsty my whole life . Never really known why .
There was one time when I was eleven
You were talking about your wedding .
You 're not trying to run away ?
Just to be sure , you can take my pack .
No , but I hear it 's terrible . Then you spend years trying to corrupt and mislead this child , fill its head with nonsense and still it turns out perfectly fine .
You think I 'm up for it ?
Truly . I saw it in The Eye .
The Old Lady by the swamp .
I saw my death in that eye . And this is not how it happens .
So how does it happen ?
When did you ever work in an office ?
There 's a lot you do n't know about me .
Dad , I 'm hoping we can talk about some things while I 'm here .
You mean , while I 'm here .
Josephine actually went to the Congo last year .
Oh , so you know .
The maple tree and the Buick . We heard it .
I think someone has n't .
I 'm trying to make a metaphor here .
Then you should n't have started with a question . Because people want to answer questions . You should have started with , The thing about icebergs is
I have no idea who you are because you have never told me a single fact .
I 've told you a thousand facts . That 's all I do , Will . I tell stories .
Dad , I 'm about to have a kid of my own here . It would kill me if he went through his whole life never understanding me .
It would kill you , huh ?
What do you want , Will ? Who do you want me to be ?
Yourself . Good , bad , everything . Just show me who you are for once .
I ca n't imagine any place better than here .
You 're a poet . You oughta be able to . And maybe if you 'd seen more , you could .
So what are you up to now ?
I 'm robbing this place .
Were you and my father having an affair ?
Wow . Wow , you just said it . I was expecting to dance around this for another half hour .
Logically , you could n't be the Witch , because she was old back when he was young .
No , it 's logical if you think like your father . See , to him , there 's only two women : your mother and everyone else .
I spent a week in Morocco for the story . It was incredible .
We 'll have to pick up a copy .
I 'm going to check on him .
I need to lie down for a bit .
I 'm sorry . It seems every hour I have to
I know . It was the same when I was carrying Will . Like clockwork .
What about the details ? How they fell in love . The Circus . The War . You never told me any of that .
That 's because most of it never happened .
How much time does he have left ?
You do n't talk about those things . Not yet .
I do n't know if you 've seen it , but Josephine has some photos in the most recent Newsweek .
Really ! That 's wonderful .
How is that possible ? I mean , you try to ask him a question and suddenly it 's another one of his stories . You ca n't honestly say you know him .
Yes , Will , I do . And do n't presume things you do n't know .
Before I forget , your father has papers in the basement I 'd like you to go through . I would n't know what 's important .
Mom , do you know who that is ? Blonde hair .
Did you and Dad have any other property ?
I suppose your grandmother 's house when she passed on . But we sold that right away . Your cousin Shirley bought it .
I do n't suppose one of us could stay with him . In case he In case he wakes up , one of us should be there .
I 'll stay . Why do n't you go home with Josephine and I 'll stay tonight .
I got you those trousers from Paul Smith .
I 've been buying you stuff all week . I 've been buying him stuff all week .
You know what I mean babe , It 's enough . We can stop .
Do you want to stop ?
How 's that ? We ca n't drink our piss can we ?
Hang on hang on , sorry , but like , who are you ?
You must find some glasses , small , for the toast , and some plates .
What are you doing here ?
I need to know who you are first please .
Oh . We are Russian .
So hang on . You 're both Nadia 's cousins ?
Of course not . Alexei , he 's is my problem .
So how long will you be in England ?
Plans are for the architects , politicians and so forth .
You must have a visa or something
You 're asking for my documents ?
She says 'Hello ' to you . Go for it John !
Uh . Do you like England ?
You are not ashamed of it ? It 's no surprise to want to love .
No . It 's not that .
He says you scare him so much he must go to the toilet in his trousers . John , he is a soldier . A trained killer . We must do what he says .
What ? What does he want ?
What did he say ? Tell me !
He says you are very sad ridiculous man . I do n't agree of course . And that you must pay someone to have sex like a prostitute . Nadia is a prostitute . I 'm sorry .
He wants the money from your bank .
I 'll fuckin ' give it to him ! We 'll go down there .
You do n't understand . He wants all the money that is in your bank .
I 've got eight hundred pounds . Oh Jesus .
Unless . Unless this is part of the routine . You get tied up , stick around , distract me , they both bust in and Steal My Cup Of Coffee .
It 's makes it easier . Okay .
They do n't blame you . When a bank employee does this they understand . You get your life back . Anyway I bet you hated that bank .
Even so I always felt the decision to burst in and rob it very much remained with me .
Why else would you send off for me ? If you just wanted sex just go to a prostitute .
Well as it turns out I did .
I do . I want to very badly .
So you 're just going to be vindictive
In every sense . If at all possible .
You ca n't hurt me more than I 'm hurt already .
I 'm going to be sick . Where 's the
What ? No you 're not .
I 'm going I am I 'm going to be sick .
No you 're not . How Nice one . How dumb do you think I am ?
You do n't have to do this . I can look after myself .
Have you got your passport ?
So , uh , Alexei , which I know is n't his name
I do n't want to talk about him .
Of course . Of course . Of course he does . Of course . Thank you . Thanks .
But , you know , so what ?
Yeah . I tend to tie up and abandon women I really want to see again too .
No . But you tend to tie them up .
Shut up . I 'm not listening .
You do n't want to talk about it .
What 's a moral orgasm John ? Tell me how it feels exactly .
So . What then ? You just detach sex from everything .
Well , it 's just that the thought trying to charm up an erection in front of a woman , or alone for that matter , makes me want to die .
So now you hate all women ?
I think it 's my safest bet , do n't you ?
Oh . I think you will recover okay . I think you got what you paid for .
You know , in Russia , there 's no work for women . It 's a different world .
You do n't have to say anything
What ? I I was n't saying
Please , there 's no Oh .
Fifteen . You do n't know him . He was very kind and strong .
Yeah . He 's a smashing bloke .
You are pretty naive if you think it is .
I 'm pretty naive ? Look at you . You have to do all this , and what have you got to show for it ? Nothing .
The thin the girl with small eyes . The one in your cupboard .
It 's none of your business . She did n't have small eyes .
You should stop smoking . You 're pregnant . You smoke like a fucking lab dog .
I 'm trying to quit .
I 've got news for you . It 's not working .
I smoke more these days . I smoke more when I 'm unhappy .
I 've got an hour . Can I buy you a coffee ?
No . I think I better just go .
You can probably buy them on the flight .
I 'm quitting . This will be my last one . So . Goodbye .
No . What ? No . I know .
It 's more like a date .
I 'm standing most of my day . They 're for support . Did n't see you in church this mornin ' .
Been on the crop . May need to get some extra hands if I do n't want to work on Sundays .
My little niece she got this deep cough .
You take her to a doctor ?
Thank you . Oh . My wife . She had a card here for her migraine pills . She ai n't gon na be around no more So if you
I already tossed that out . Somethin ' you should'a done to that woman long ago how she treated you . Of course , that 's none of my business .
I brung you a little basket of goodies . Fresh squash , tomatoes , some okra , butter beans .
You did n't have to do this .
Just wanted to say how much I appreciate you helping me the other day . My niece , she 's cured up , and I got you to thank .
Well that 's good . I 'm happy to hear it .
When ? Now ? Oh . No .
Come on , just a little somethin ' . Right here . Go'on now , do n't be shy .
Naw . They got some blue dye , though . You think them boots you got on come from a black cow ?
Wan na get on somebody 'bout live music , get on ol ' Laz , there . He the one got this place shakin ' back in the day .
Cuz let me tell you , you boys got ta run the ball more . You get into a kicking game , ya 'll gon na lose .
Can I put it in your mouth ?
Mind I ask , what 's all this business here ?
These are whipped body creams . It 's like a lotion .
Look it . I got somethin ' for us . This is gon na help , okay .
You gon na miss your bus .
I ca n't get Rae on the phone . She 's not at home none of her friends seen her anywhere .
She 's around . Always is .
This do n't feel right . Kitchen looks just like I left it . I know , cuz I cleaned it .
She ever tell you she was thinkin ' of taking off ?
Ronnie . You ca n't see cuz you 're too close to it . These nervous spells you get . You never had that shit back in school
That 's not right , really , cuz I
With all she was doin ' . With all the shit she kept doing ! You stayed stuck to that bitch 's ass and you would n't let go .
I know about how she was like . But we was different . I 's the only person she talked to about it . How she 's abused . Terrible things , Gill , just terrible
Why should you waste your life waitin ' and wonderin ' . Not like you 're married .
I begged him not to go . And he did .
Think this about money still , ya old fool ?
Say what you got ta say , but I ai n't gon na hear you speak his name to me . Not never . You hear ?
Thought we was gon na be friendly about this .
Carryin ' on behind my back . Make me out to look like a fool to all our people . Tell me , what 's friendly about that ?
Rose . Folks get sick . But you do what you can to get on the mend . Our marriage it just got sick . That 's all .
Talk to me about sick . Ai n't been right since I moved into that drafty house .
Laz You ca n't say nothin '
If we get with a counselor . At the church , maybe they 's
My Daddy told me that a younger woman would bleed me dry . And that 's what you did . Ya bled me .
Let go of my arm
You better pray , gal . You better pray
Do n't you lay a CURSE ON ME !
Ai n't gon na be callin ' me boy when I blow your face off .
You sayin ' you 'll do what ?
You heard me , mother-fucker . I 'll fuckin ' kill .
BOY ! You so green you could n't stomp a baby duck .
Take it easy now . Do n't rush it .
How long how long I been out ?
Then I better be on my way . Do n't wan na put you out no more .
Think it 'd be best if you stayed put while we talk .
I ai n't laid a hand on ya but to ease yo fever Remember like I say , I found you in the road
Get this Goddamn thing off me !
Gal , you ai n't right yet .
I 'm right enough to stand on my own two feet . Now take this Goddamn chain off
We got everything we need . Plenty of food . Ya medicine still got a few good swallows in it
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME ? ! WHATEVER YOU GON NA DO TO ME , JUST DO IT ! AND LET ME GO !
Some crazy Jesus freak , gon na fuck the spirit into me
In my house , you watch that lip
Stop it ! Stop it ! IT HURTS !
Whose doin ' is that ?
You like this ? Walkin ' me through this field like I 's your mule ?
Ca n't sit all day on that sofa . Need to get your legs strong .
If you want I can take you back to town now .
I ai n't in a hurry .
My life is gone . Only life I was livin ' . And I lost it .
I 'm here with you .
I seen a man die . He could n't breathe his heart was was givin ' out .
You just havin ' a fit . You ai n't goin ' nowhere .
Oh , Laz he hurt me . He hurt me so many times .
No one 's gon na hurt you no more .
Are you drunk ? Keep drinkin ' water and you wo n't get a headache in the mornin ' .
Yeah , gal I been here before .
Laz ? Can I sleep with you tonight ?
Do n't think that 'd be wise .
I did n't mean it nothin ' dirty .
I know you did n't . But you a grown girl . You can handle it . I got to .
Go'on and sing it , I 'll play .
No , you do it . I ca n't sing .
Now that 's sharp . That 's real sharp . Miss Ella Mae set you up , did n't she ? You like it ?
I 've had nice things before but I always ruined 'em somehow .
Do you call it a game when only one man win each time ? I think you call it a damn shame .
Word wit'cha . In private .
See , that girl is in my favor . You heard me , nigga ? You fuck with her rough , and you got me to fuck wit .
You collar that dog , boy . I ai n't gon na hurt nobody . Just wanted to know who she was .
You ai n't gon na make a fuss , are you ? Nothing a man can do when a woman make up her mind .
I never laid a hand on her in anger . Not a day . Not even when I 's drinkin ' . But this business got me wonderin ' what a good shake and slap would do for her .
I think you did alright by God under the circumstances . Your people are here for you , Laz . This is your home . No shame in showing your face .
Do n't know if God wan na see me .
Was that Lincoln James I seen run off ?
He 's fine . Just had a bad fall .
Why 's his britches round his knees ?
R.L. , you gon na have to get on . I ca n't have nobody round my place .
You ai n't gon na talk me outta shit no more . I got my mind made up and I ai n't gon na be moved on this .
Ai n't gon na be moved ?
A naked woman , chained in ya house ?
I 'm tellin ' you the truth , dammit . I found her beat . Left for dead . So I brung her home .
Good . Makin ' steaks for supper . I expect you to come .
You mean with you and that woman chained to ya radiator ?
You treat folks special when they company . It 's just supper , R.L. , shit .
One thing at a time , Laz .
Got ta get that chain off her , Laz . Somethin ' like this gets out , you could land in a heap of trouble .
I 'm dealin ' with what God put before me .
There you go , preacher man . Get me drunk so I do n't stick my foot up yo ass .
I just know how you get . Good to know , them butterflies still in ya gut .
Yeah , you know you home , old man . You just walked through the door .
I do n't know , but I been told , them Georgia women sweet jelly roll .
You wo n't at the square this mornin ' .
Get me ten bags of mulch .
What happened in there that wo n't your fault . Ai n't a young man alive could keep they britches on with that girl being in heat like she is .
Why she got a chain on her ?
That 's between her and me . It 's private . And I do n't want you goin ' off and tellin ' ya daddy .
Please do n't tell my daddy .
But that 's so fuckin ' stupid . I 'm sorry . Did n't mean to curse .
What 's on your mind ?
I do n't see why we got ta lie 'bout it when you and I know this ai n't gon na work .
Rae do n't do this now
Ai n't been a week and you already some nigger 's whore ? Gill told me . Told me how you and he you and everybody
Ronnie . Please , baby
I just think you should'a kept him off me , that 's all .
The hell are you talkin ' about ?
Alright . How much you need , ho ?
The hell you call me ?
What are you missing ? Riding your motorcycle to the nurse 's house . That shit is sadder than Ethiopia .
Beats forty hours on a plane .
Nick , have I been a good partner ?
Number five with a bullet .
I just want you to know I mean anybody who says you ever took has got to deal with me .
Go to sleep , Charlie .
Givin ' you a book is like givin ' a baby a gun .
Hey , when in Rome
It 's incredible . Hit him or something .
I do n't think he 'd feel it .
Now that 's the kind of motorcycle I want to see you on .
Sure , a rice burning crotch rocket
All right , how 's the new partner ?
High spirits , desire , commitment .
Where do we start looking for this guy ?
Where would you look for the mafia ?
Goodness , gracious , great balls of fire . To the killer . Jerry Lee Lewis .
Jerry Lee Lewis , Elvis , Dinky Doo And The Do n't 's . Let 's book , Charlie . If he starts on Motown , we 'll be here all night .
No , this is the place for the young Yakuza .
That 's what you said in the last three piss pots .
You know , Inspector , you take shit once , you take shit forever .
I do n't deserve Ohashi 's respect .
It may be too soon to talk about it . When someone we care for dies we keep something of their 's . A tie , a pen .
Why were n't you at the platform ?
Nick , no one 's seen Kobo in three days . He might not even be in Tokyo .
Only one way to find out Get her up in the morning and put her to bed at night .
You said you could keep up with her ! 'No problem , Nick-san . '
No . Do n't say anything . Do n't do anything , and for Christ 's sake , do n't apologize !
Work , lunch , groceries , laundry Fabulous
Four goddamn days . This is going nowhere
Nick , you ca n't do this .
It 's done . You do n't have to come .
I was ready to have your ass for taking off on me .
I followed them . An hour from the train station .
An outside person . A foreigner . A barbarian . You , me . More you .
I could use some help . Show me around . I 'll pay you for your time .
You can count on the truth from people who do n't like you .
You have a helluva way of asking for help .
Look , you need Ich . I 've been here five years and I still ca n't read all the street signs .
Maybe I 'm a quicker learner .
You know where I can get a decent cup of coffee this time of night ? I 'm buying .
Somebody must be suffering somewhere , you 're being so nice .
I 've heard of Sugai . I 've also heard of the emperor . They 're both national treasures . One 's a hood .
I need someone to translate for me .
My Japanese is n't that hot Besides , you 'll never get in .
It 's my last shot . I have to be on a plane home tomorrow night .
This little guy thinks you 're Robert Redford the other one thinks you 're Charles Bronson
Tell them I 'm not .
Ca n't make you change your mind ?
Last time you asked me to come along I nearly got a hole in my head .
Ugly A couple of thousand years they 've been bound by these little rules . Looking in . Always afraid . Ugly little lives
Save it , I already took the tour .
I like your friend , Joyce . You 're lucky .
Guess I 'm on a roll .
She 's such a long way home for you .
Time , I 've got plenty of .
Sugai wo n't give it to me , you know that .
Then take it from him .
You and Charlie are taking the Jap home , tonight .
What ? What if I say no ?
They 're blaming it on you . Christ , Conklin , you did n't even tell me you lost the prisoner !
I planned on catching him , Captain .
How ? You do n't know the place . You do n't know the language . Get on the plane .
He killed a police officer .
You lost a man we wanted for some time . It was very incompetent on your part , officer .
Incompetent is letting people waltz through a secure area wearing your uniforms , carrying official documents .
Hey , inspector , I do n't intend to take the rap for this .
Do you know what this is ?
Because I want you to tell me .
The young are eating the old , something that usually does n't happen here .
Your plane leaves at six . Two officers will escort you .
For God 's sake , Ohashi , I need your help . Let me out of here !
Our associates in New York were close to closing a deal with us .
The families who control the casinos ?
Imagine if your families could pay their gambling and drug debts with perfect counterfeit bought for cents on the dollar .
The Feds would be onto you in a month .
Ca n't thank you enough , Mr. Sebastian . If you had n't come along
We were worried to death . It 's awfully kind of you .
We 're not used to the big city . Where we come from it 's not so easy to get lost .
You certainly have a nice place here .
I 'm sure glad you found us , Sebastian . What do you think , Mary ?
I do n't think there is another human being in this whole world who would have helped us .
Yeah . It might be better if we talk in private , Sebastian . Why do n't you go home .
Here 's your check , my boy . Thank you .
I 'm surprised you did n't come to me sooner .
It 's not an easy thing to meet your maker .
And what can he do for you ?
Can the maker repair what he makes ?
How about breakfast , I was just going to make some .
If it would n't be too much of a bother a little bite to eat would be
He 's not really my friend . I just do a job for him now and then .
Tyrell could help us , Sebastian .
I 'd be happy to mention it to him .
Be better if I could talk to him in person . But he 's not an easy man to get to .
This is my Uncle Roy , Sebastian .
Hello , glad to meet you .
Then we 're stupid and we 'll die .
Not if everybody is doing their job here at home . How are things at home ?
I was just about to have my dinner .
If you hurry you 'll get back before it gets cold . I got a spinner on your roof in five minutes . Good luck .
If you do n't , we will . It has to be total , Deckard . That 's an order from as high as it comes . Got it ?
Yeah . I got it .
Well , when do you get paid ?
Soon as I finish the job .
Four years . Which would make her termination date
Never mind . Do they have that knowledge ?
But I would like to buy you drink .
I 'll but you one . What 'll you have ?
I 'm great . I mean , I know I 'm not really great , but I feel just great . How you like my new suit ?
Well , you do n't have to worry about getting it wrinkled .
From what I hear you 're doing great . Bryant tells me you 're going like a god damn one-man army . Making a lot of money , huh ?
Yeah . But that 's what I wanted to talk to you about .
You 're going to be over the limit .
Listen , I could make you a long list of complaints about this fucken city but I still rather be here than up there .
You see I lost my contacts a couple of days ago around here somewhere and my sight is a little What am I supposed to be looking for ?
Do you recognize any of them ?
There 's been reports of management sexually abusing the artists in this place .
I do n't know nothing about it .
It seems your department does n't believe out new unit is to the public benefit .
A humanoid robot is like any other machine , it can be a benefit or a hazard . If it 's a benefit , it 's not our problem .
I would n't accept it . Also , I 'd report the person who gave it to me to the police .
You have a little boy . He shows you his butterfly collection , plus the killing jar .
I 'd take him to the doctor .
You 're watching T.V . and suddenly you notice a wasp crawling on your wrist .
You become pregnant by a man who runs off with your best friend , and you decide to get an abortion .
I 'd never get an abortion .
I 've already got more help than I need .
I think you need more help than you 've got .
Do n't just stand there looking at me . It 's not polite .
What do you want me to do ?
You ever take a bath with a man before ?
There 's a lot I have n't done with a man before .
How come you 're not on the job ?
I am . Part of my job is to sit on a couch and try and figure things out .
What do people do in the afternoon ?
If they are smart , they take naps .
Nobody is freer than when he dreams . I read that .
It was n't very good last night , was it ?
But if I do n't plug it in how can I
Never mind the plug , just go through the motions .
Do you think I simulated what happened between us ?
No , I do n't .
Do n't leave here . Do n't open the door , do n't answer the phone .
What difference will it make ?
But in your profession that is a risk .
Nothing is infallible , but so far the Voight-Kampff scale bas been foolproof .
Like you said , Mr. Deckard , a machine can be a hazard . The Voight-Kampff scale is a machine , is n't it ?
One that relies on human interpretation . Where 's the subject ?
We 're going to have to start the sequence again if you do n't stay with me , Deckard . Concentrate .
How do you know I 'm not ?
You 're not responding to the stimulus . I can see right here , I 'm not getting a reading .
I 'm tired of this .
Does n't make any difference what desert it 's completely hypothetical .
But how come I 'd be there ?
Maybe you 're fed up , maybe you want to be by yourself who knows . So you look down and see a tortoise . It 's crawling towards you
A tortoise . What 's that ?
Whatcha mean , I 'm not helping ?
I mean you 're not helping ! Why is that , Leon ?
How come you were in my truck ?
I was tired and did n't have any place to go .
And you live in this building all by yourself ?
Yeah , I live here pretty much alone right now
My glands . They grow old too fast .
Is that why you 're still here ?
Ah , you get hold of your friends ?
As a matter of fact I did . They 've got some work to do tonight , but they 're gon na come tomorrow .
Sebastian does n't like to go out too much .
I keep a lot of provisions right here .
Very well , thank you . I 'm with the County Family Services Department . Eve tells me you 've been living in a bomb shelter most of your life .
Fallout shelter . There 's a difference .
The key to my hotel room ! I want you to have my baseball cards ! And please be sure to pay my bill !
Young man , stop right there !
But I do miss that green sport coat of yours .
Thank you very much . But , Cliff , that 's my seat . And I was just
I 'm sorry , and legs . Legs , butt and hair . Well , is n't he ? And shallow , as well ?
Shallow ? I 'm shallow ? !
Maybe we should n't fight at all . Fighting is pretty immature .
It certainly is . I agree with you completely .
No . I 'm from out of town . I 'm here on business .
Well , your business must not be sports memorabilia , because this one Mantle card right here is worth six thousand dollars all by its little self .
Say , did you just lose your job because of me ?
Forget it . I 'm sick of working for that dickhead .
Well , I guess because I 'm a little psychic I have this thing .
Oh , that 's nice .
Yes ! Yes ! The Holiday Inn ! That 's exactly right !
See ? I 'm psychic . Not completely , but pretty much . That was pretty good , was n't it ? !
I do n't have to take a physical in your space ship ?
Heck , no ! What ? !
So Mister Andretti , your first time on the freeway ?
It 's Webber . Adam Webber .
Perry Como ! You had him ! Go back ! Go back !
Okay , okay ! Take it easy !
That was wonderful ! I 've never felt anything like that in my life .
Yeah , same here . Do n't forget your suitcase .
Wait , Eve , please ! Wait .
Please do n't follow me . Do n't do it !
I knew this would happen ! You 're like a lost puppy !
Ca n't you please just talk to me for one second ?
Selling all my baseball cards . And helping me buy enough food and supplies to fill several large trucks .
Food and supplies ? Who for ? Like starving people ?
Well , they 're not starving yet , but they need help .
How long would you need me ?
Pick you up at eight tomorrow morning .
Hey , you know . I was thinking
We 'll have to rent a refrigerated truck for the beef and poultry .
It 's your life . And , by the way , it 's a dandy .
I guess we 'll need another locker .
No problem . We 'll just sell another baseball card .
Well , this is going to sound a little crazy .
Oh , I 'm sure it will !
I do n't want to be alone .
You can be single and not alone . Marriage bites !
It did n't used to be that way .
I would n't know . What kind of wife are you looking for ?
Well , I could probably get you laid in two weeks , but to locate a non-mutant wife from Pasadena that could take some time .
That 's what I was afraid of .
I thought only hookers drank those things .
Well , I know Mom sure likes 'em !
What about holding your right arm up like that all the time ?
It 's fine . Just give it a try . And for gosh sake , Eve , take your foot off the chair !
Then just help me find a girlfriend ! That 's all I ask . I 'll give you every single card I 've got left !
Hey , screw you ! Okay ? You think I 'm just somebody you can buy off ! Listen , let me tell you something
Would you do it just because you 're my friend ? My very best friend .
Well yeah . Okay .
Yes , I have a dictionary . But I ca n't understand for the life of me why you would call her that ! Or why Cliff would say that about you .
Because we 're bitches ! Look at her ! Look at the expression on her face ! The walk , the jewelry , the fingernails . Please !
Yeah . Could be . Go say hello , Romeo . Looks like a healthy non-mutant to me .
Okay . All right . And what do I say ?
Why are you suddenly so mad at me ?
Do n't change the subject ! I want you to tell me the truth about yourself .
I 've never lied to you . I 've maybe let you believe things that you wanted to believe , but I 've never lied .
You think I 'm some sort of sap ? ! Do n't you ? !
No . I admire you . I I fell in love with you the first time I saw you . I did . I think that you are the most
I want to know exactly who you are and what you 're really up to !
I know and I 'm really sorry .
Well , you should be ! Thanks to you , my heart is in my neck !
Eve , if you 'll let me , I can
Look ! I 'm limping ! How attractive is that ? ! What if this is for life ? !
I went to Sophie 's and she was very hospitable .
Is that what you call it ?
I want you to go back to the hotel now . I 'll call you a cab .
Of course . I should n't be over here at this hour .
That 's right . And I 'll see you in the morning in the lobby . Do you mind waiting outside for the taxi ?
Not at all . And Eve thank you for tonight and for the kiss . My first .
We can make this work , Adam ! Believe me ! I 'm very good at making things work !
My mother 's like that .
Good evening . I want to stay at this hotel .
Fill this out please . And I 'll need a card .
All in yellow ? Oh ! That was my father !
Ooooohhhh ! Of course ! The father ! Forgive me ! Can you forgive me for my wasted life ? ! Everything has been so awful !
I 've got to go , now .
Of course you do . I 'll stay here and pray .
That 's always a good idea ! Would you like some money ? I have a great deal of it .
No . I do n't need money anymore I see that now .
Sure . Now , let 's move on to our French exam .
Latin exam , Dad . It 's Tuesday .
Well , do we just go on up ? !
No , son ! We wait for night . Now is precisely when we must be at our most cautious .
Adam do n't forget do n't forget
Yes , father ? ! Yes ?
Poison gas . Invisible . Do n't forget .
I promise . Is that all ?
What ? Did the politburo just one day say - We give up ?
Yes . That 's kind of how it was .
It 's a very small place . People do n't even know it 's there .
And it 's called ?
Hello ! It 's Anchorage ! Gotcha !
Sorry , that 's the largest city .
Mt . McKinley . It 's also the highest point in North America .
Okay , maybe she is psychic . Let 's go eat !
Oh , yes . It would probably kill him .
He 's a Windows guy then , huh ?
Why not ? He has great pants .
I just do n't want to .
Yes ! Lying is always a very effective dating tool .
Okay . Thank you , my friends .
I 'm sorry . I took the Lord 's name in vain again , did n't I ? I 'm so sorry .
No ! There 's an Adult Bookstore back there ! I 'll be right back !
Okay , Troy ! Let 's get those all-beef frozen patties !
How 'bout we check with Eve first ?
No , I would n't go in one of those places with a gas mask on .
I know what you mean ! I usually wear a big hat and dark glasses .
Thank you . Your father is a smart guy .
My father is a genius .
How how much do you want for the Mickey Mantle , rookie season ?
I was thinking of selling all the cards .
See , my problem is , all I have are hundred dollar bills and I need something smaller . Ones , fives , tens . Like that .
I see what ya mean . Tell you what I 'll give you five hundred dollars in small bills for the whole box .
Sir ? I would really appreciate it if you would n't take the Lord 's name in vain again .
Oh , you got a problem with that ?
I 'm afraid you 've got to .
I 'll be all right .
Your father has a few final words for you . You know , he 'd fight a buzz saw for you - he loves you so much . We both do .
Heck , I know that mom ! You 're my parents .
No , I ca n't have that ! They 'll come with their cars and their guns and their handcuffs
Calm down , please . This man needs help and you need protection from him . That 's obvious .
You know , I do n't think so . I 'm confused but you know , I do n't think he 'd ever hurt me . I do n't think he 'd hurt anyone .
And now you must let me be the judge of that !
So you survived the blast , did you ?
The blast ? Honey , I have survived a host of things . Like the song says : A country boy can survive !
Yes , yes , the song . So tell me has it been hell up here ?
Hell up here ? Honey , it 's been hell up here , down there and over yonder ! Hell everywhere .
Yes , I can tell that just looking around . Boy ? Did you say you were a country boy ?
Cute Little Old Man , if you want a boy , I can be a boy . And if you want a girl , I can be a girl . I can be anything you want me to be !
Oh , much worse . But not as bad as that Mexican Jumping Bean dip . You remember that ?
Yeah , yeah . Okay . Give me the roast and watch your step . I 'll come back for the radio .
How long will we have to stay down here ?
I do n't know . For this thing to blow over , it could take days .
But , what if I go into labor ? That could happen any time .
I 've read up on it . I 'll deliver the baby myself if I have to .
Maybe I 've just got the creeps .
How could you ? ! This is just like home !
No . No ! Calvin , this is different ! Believe me !
Would you like a tranquilizer ?
No . I think it 's just right .
And I was wondering if if I could have a
Very nice . Unless it caved in , too .
Yes . Well yes .
Not bad for a three and a half year old ! I 'd like to see the public school system match that ! I do n't care how terrific it is !
Yes , he 's very bright , dear . Much like his father . But you know , Calvin , maybe he 's a little young for school .
Yes , you certainly will . And you 'll find a nice girl and rebuild America . Just the way it used to be .
Oh , Calvin , I 'm not sure we should be making promises that perhaps ca n't be kept .
What did you wish for , Adam ?
If he tells , it wo n't come true !
Oh , that 's just a bunch of baloney ! We never believed that in my family !
Well , we did in my family !
One who does n't glow in the dark .
Calvin Webber ! What a thing to say !
For how long ? We 've just about run out of everything !
We 'll make do . I 'm of the opinion that these mutants will eventually kill each other off and then
Well , that 's considerably shorter than before . I was wondering , Calvin , why set the locks at all . I mean the radiation is gone and
To keep what 's up there from getting down here ! It 's not the radiation I 'm worried about .
So where is your roommate , the model ?
You know , I do n't know . And looking at you , I do n't care . It 's been too long , Eve .
So , Adam where on earth are you from ?
Out-of-town . That 's all he 'll say .
But first , you have to start with the clothes !
Exactly . You understand that , do n't you ? You have no chance of meeting a woman dressed like that .
You 're serious , are n't you ?
What 's that supposed to mean ?
It means that your taste in men 's apparel is as bad as your taste in men .
Well , that 's blunt !
I 'm sorry . But if the shoe fits .
And I suppose you see him in some sort of strapless thing , do n't you ?
Well , I 'm trying to educate him ! It 's nothing personal .
Adam , I think for you , we should go for sweet .
And I do n't fall in love with grown men who collect baseball cards !
Uh , yes , you do .
Where did he get all that information ?
From the oddest place . His parent 's told him . I do n't think I got that memo .
So now I suppose he 's trying to make those two dancers feel as comfortable as possible .
He did n't leave with them .
What are you going to do ? Go over to her place and kick in the door ?
You 're goddamn right I am !
Well what was I supposed to do ? ! He wants me to live underground with him ! That 's like Silence of the Lambs , do n't you think ? !
I know I know . You did the right thing .
What do you want to do with it ?
Give it back to him .
Well , we 've come a long way , have n't we ? I want to go home .
Yeah . Maybe he 'll call .
I ca n't tell the boys from the girls anymore !
Uh yeah . It 's like hard .
I 'm selling this place . I want out of this hell hole !
Could I , like oh , wow like , uh
Tower . Wolf One . I 've got a problem here .
Say your problem , Wolf One . Are you declaring an emergency ?
I sent a trunk home yesterday . This is all I have .
You look good , Jeffrey . Did you have a nice flight ?
I think it 's important not to get depressed . Depression is a terrible thing . They say it can bring on illness .
Aunt Barbara . I 'll try not to get depressed .
Jeffrey , you 're not going down by Lincoln , are you ?
No , I 'm just going to walk around the neighborhood . Do n't worry .
Will you tell Mom when she gets home from the hospital that I 've gone to dinner at Sandy Williams ' house ?
Okay honey . That sounds nice . Jeffrey . I think you 've got termites in the house .
Oh yeah ? Have you seen any ?
I 've seen a few .
I do n't want to talk about it . Everything 's okay now . I do n't want to talk about it .
Sometimes it helps to talk things over . For instance , many marriages are saved by .
Suave . Goddam are you suave , you fucker . You want some beer ?
Certainly Frank . Darling , get some glasses . We 'll have some beer with Frank . Wo n't you sit down ?
Shit Ben ! How the shit are ya ?
Fine Frank . Fine . How are you ?
Frank , I have something for you . Excuse us everyone .
EXCUSE US por favor ! Hey . Let Tits see her kid .
My name is Jeffrey Beaumont - I live near you . I believe you know my father , Tom Beaumont - Beaumont 's Hardware Store ?
Sure I do . I understand he 's in the hospital . How is he ?
Yeah . I 've got it here in this bag . I thought I should bring it to you .
Yep , that 's right . Let 's take a look at it .
I guess you 've seen some bad things .
Yes I have - so bad I would n't poison your mind by telling you .
What is this ? What color is it ?
Blue . It 's Blue Velvet .
Well now Jeffrey , how did you come to get so involved ?
I ca n't tell you the whole story . I. I took it upon myself . I ca n't say more .
You 're all through with this now ?
Yes sir . I sure am .
You tell me ! Let me see that wallet . Jeffrey Beaumont . What 're you doing in my apartment , Jeffrey Beaumont ?
I wanted to see you .
Shit . You better tell me something .
I was an experiment . Just to see if I could do it .
An experiment ? Hey , I 've seen you before .
I sprayed your apartment . I took your key . I really did n't mean to do anything but see you .
Tell me what you saw tonight . TELL ME .
I saw you come in , talk on the phone . Get undressed .
NO , you come on . Take off your pants . I want to see you .
Look . I 'm sorry . Just let me leave .
Do n't . I do n't like that . What do you want ?
Nothing . Are you alright ?
You can hit me , if you want to .
No , please . I wo n't .
Please do n't talk like that . You 're upset . I 'm not helping you . I 'm sorry for what I did . I better go .
Go then . I ca n't let you put it in me now but I want you . I like you .
I looked for you in my closet tonight . It 's crazy , I do n't know where you came from , but I like you .
That 's not crazy . I like you too .
Oh God . Don ! Why ca n't I just die .
There you go again . Stop saying that . You can make it .
I ca n't . I ca n't . You think you know so much .
Take it easy . What 's goin ' on anyway ? Why are you in so much trouble ?
No . But you 're in very big trouble .
Why are you so interested ? Why do you keep asking me ?
It used to make me laugh , but .
I 'm sorry , maybe I better go Dorothy .
No . How could he ? Do n't go . You think I 'm crazy , do n't you ? I want you to stay . Do n't hate me .
I sure do n't hate you .
Wait a minute . Wait . Whatiya want ? For cryin ' out loud !
Just get outta my bed .
I love you Don with all my heart .
No , it 's not Don .
I did n't mean to hurt you .
Shhhhhh . Now I have your disease .
Where have you been ? Oh God , they hurt him , Jeffrey . Jeffrey , Jeffrey , Jeffrey , hold me . HOLD ME . Oh God .
It 's okay . It 's okay .
HELP HIM ! Promise me you 'll help him !
I promise , Dorothy . I promise .
He 's comin ' back ? What for ?
'Cause he 's comin ' back , that 's what for . Frank 's got you really loaded tonight .
Look at these . What are these ?
Come on , Frank . Let 's go . Please .
Frank , he did n't mean it . Leave him alone . Come on . He did n't mean it .
Shut up . Gim me your lipstick . Hey , pretty , pretty .
You seemed to see some very interesting things on your little escapade with Dorothy Vallens .
Yeah . I guess I did . What 's going to happen to me ?
We 're going to leave that up to Detective Williams . I 'll tell you though , you 're okay . You shot a real son of a bitch .
Yeah . I sure know that . Yeah , but how many more are out there ?
Raymond ! Where 's the fuckin ' beer ?
Right here Frank . You want me to pour it ?
I mean , for good , Jeffrey .
For good ? I ca n't Mom . Not right in the middle of the term .
Hello , uh , my name is Jeffrey Beaumont . Is Detective Williams in ?
Oh , yes , Jeffrey . Come in . He 'll be back any minute now . You 're welcome to wait . Is it urgent ?
I just wanted to ask him a few questions , that 's all . Maybe I better go .
Really , he 'll be home soon , would you like a cup of coffee ?
Would you like a piece of cake ?
No . No thank you .
Mrs. Williams ? Thanks for the cake .
Oh , you 're welcome . Nice to finally meet you , Jeffrey .
Please excuse me a moment , Jeffrey , and I 'll get to the dishes .
Sure thing , please do n't worry about me . Can I help you with the dishes ?
Yeah , well I never wanted to get slaughtered much .
Well , most guys do n't . I mean that 's the point . You all mind if I take my vitamins ?
Hey , you ivy league shit . COME HERE !
Later Mike . I got ta take care of someone who 's hurt here , in case you have n't noticed .
What do you know about the ear ? Anything ?
Did n't my father tell you not to talk about it ?
I guess you have to get back home soon ?
Not really , why ? You want to see the building ? Come on , I 'll show you .
Did they find out anything when they questioned her ?
I do n't know , like I said , she 's not my father 's case .
You really do hear a lot , do n't you ?
Yeah , I guess so . What are you going to do now that you 're home ?
I have to help out in my father 's hardware store . They 're giving me sort of my own hours for a while , which is nice .
Still , it must be kinda rough .
I guess I 'll see you sometime .
I guess so . Like you said . It 's a strange world .
I 'd like to talk to you about something .
Just a minute , pull over and wait a minute .
I do n't want to cause any trouble .
I 'm here , are n't I ?
I guess Mike 's got some sort of sports practice in the afternoon .
Ooooo , you are smart . Just do n't get too smart .
You said it was a strange world . And you 're the strangest part of it . Are you crazy ? She is possibly involved in murder . This gives me the creeps .
Settle down . I have a plan which I think will work . There is very little for you to do , but I do need your help . Are n't you curious about my plan ?
It would n't hurt to hear the plan , I guess .
Alright . the first thing is to get into her apartment and open a window that I could crawl into later .
Okay , I 'm going ahead . Wait a minute , what 's her name ?
Oh brother . Dorothy Vallens , Seventh Floor . Look on the mailbox for her number , bright boy .
Thanks . Dorothy Vallens . Okay , goodluck . Three minutes , no sooner .
Alright . Good luck , yourself .
I was just about to go to the door , when that man did my job for me . Was it alright ?
Yes and no . Did you recognize him ?
No . I only saw his back . He went down another stairwell at the end of the hall .
I did n't get a good look at him either , but he sure looked at me . I did n't have time to get a window , but I found this key . Pretty nifty , huh ?
I owe you , since I goofed up this one .
You did n't goof it up , but you still owe me one . I want to sneak in tonight . It 's Friday , do you have a date tonight ?
You really want to do this , do n't you ?
I do n't want you to get involved , really , I mean , I do , but if something went wrong I mean , like you said , they may be involved in murder .
I already know . The Slow Club . It 's on Route 7 .
Great . I 'll pick you up around eight o'clock . Is that good ?
Yeah , but do n't pick me up . My father may think it 's strange . I 'll walk over to your house . I 'll be there at eight o'clock .
Okay . You better get out before someone sees us .
Here 's to . An interesting experience .
I 'll drink to that .
It 's crazy and dangerous . My God , I should n't have told you .
It 'll be okay . I do n't think you should wait out here though . I think you should go home . Can you drive this car ?
I wish you would n't do this . It does n't make any sense . Let 's go somewhere and have some coffee .
I 'm going in , Sandy . I 'll see you tomorrow and tell you how it went .
I , I do n't want to see you tomorrow . Mike 's coming over .
Oh , okay , can I call ?
That 's for me to know and for you to find out . I 'll see you . I mean call you , okay ?
Okay , okay . Bye .
Well , how did it go ? What happened ?
Well , I 've found out some things , nothing really for certain . There are some strange people involved .
I 'm sorry , I did n't
It 's okay . Do n't worry about it .
Wow . Should you tell my father ?
I do n't see how I can , and I ca n't prove any of this . I got all this information illegally . Also it could get you in trouble .
You saw a lot in one night .
Actually . I 've been in twice .
Who , me ? Why should it ?
That 's what I thought .
You 're sure right . It is a strange world .
Why are there people like Frank . Why is there so much trouble in this world ?
So are you . I mean you 're a neat guy . We better get back .
I guess so . You want to help me watch Frank ? I 'm going to stake out Frank 's place tomorrow with a camera .
Can I give you a kiss good night ?
You better not , Jeffrey .
You know , that cheese is practically all chemicals .
That 's what makes it so good . You wanta hear what I saw today ?
Nothing really , but it 's interesting . They know each other . They seem to like each other .
Maybe . But I think the Yellow Man is on drugs . I think Frank supplies him .
Great . Hey , I 've got a bit of a problem . I know some things that could help your father but you might get into trouble .
Jeffrey , are they important things ? Well forget me - you have to tell him . Jeffrey , I mean it .
Just go over to Gelford and up to Vista . It 's not far . Can you tell me any more about what you learned ?
I 'd rather not talk about it . I 'll tell you about it sometime .
Thank you . Whatiya say we just enjoy the evening ?
I like that idea , that 's a real good idea .
Take her to my house . My dad can get an ambulance faster than anyone . Do you have anything to put around her ?
No . Is Detective Gordon going to be at your house ?
Mike 's got ta go . Nice to meet you .
Yeah , nice meetin ' you .
What are watchin ' this junk for ?
You can change it if you want to .
I do n't know why we have to watch TV .
Mike . We do n't have to watch it . Come on .
Sandy ? Could I talk to you a minute ?
Sure , just a sec . Excuse me .
What did he bring him in for ?
Needed an outsider . The package boy knows everyone . He 'd spot our hitters a mile away .
Listen kid , I think you better understand who you 're dealing with here .
Yeah . I was only twelve or thirteen when you guys used to talk about him , like he was a ghost or something .
Are these me considered armed and dangerous ?
Well , not armed . If they had guns , they 'd have used them . But dangerous ? Oh yeah .
Look , look ! I 'm not saying one way or the other . Just be careful and go by the protocol on this one .
Any tips on where these guys may be ?
The press is everywhere outside . They 're going nuts for these guys . What do you want to do ?
You 're not being charged . It 's up to you . Do you want to talk to them ?
What the fuck are you doing here ? What , huh ! ? WHAT ? WHAT ? WHAT ? ANSWERS ! I WANT FUCKIN ' ANSWERS !
Get a hold of yourself , man .
She ai n't been around in weeks anyhow .
Listen . Something 's been bothering me about last night .
I guess we really do n't have a system of deciding who .
MEEE ! ME ! I 'm the guy ! I know everyone , their habits , where they hang out , who they talk to . I know where they fuckin ' live . We could kill everyone !
You little fuck . Let him go . I 'll drop you right here .
Okay , just calm down . He could hurt us , brother . He could ruin the whole thing .
Let him go or I will deliver you , right now .
You wo n't do it Connor , you wo n't . You love me man .
I finally found your Da 's army revolver , Connor .
What the hell are you doin ' with Da 's gun ! ?
What ? ! What are you doin ' ?
I want ta tell ya one last thing before I pull the trigger .
You guys are not under oath , here . I am assuming you knew these two guys from before , huh ?
We met them last night .
So , how is it that you guys are fluent in Russian ?
We paid attention in school .
Well , we could try the bag over the head thing . Walk you right out the front .
Our mother can see through bags .
I think it 's better if we find this man before he finds us again .
I 'll see what I can do . How do I get in touch with you ?
No fuckin ' hot water man . That
Shut it . It 's Ma .
Do n't even do it , ya bastard .
He got beat up by a girl .
All right , love ya ma . Listen , before ya go just give us the goods , eh ?
Yeah . It 's been twenty-seven years .
What do we tell him about the guns and money ?
We just got up and left . Bum musta rolled them before the police got there .
Listen fellas , Y'know he 's got 'til this week 's end . Ya do n't have ta be hard asses , do ya ?
Yeah , it 's St. Patty 's day . Everyone 's Irish tonight . Now , why do n't ya pull up a stool and have a drink with us ?
Now , that was n't too polite , was it ?
I 'm afraid we ca n't let that one go , Ivan .
I have no idea . Maybe someone saw and talked .
German . Not in our neighborhood , man . A hundred percent Irish . No one talks to cops . Period .
Yeah , these guys always got a lot of rope strapped around em in the movies and they always end up using it .
Oh , you 've lost it , have n't ya ?
On TV ya always get that asshole that jumps behind the couch .
Yeah , and ya got ta shoot at him for ten minutes .
We do not want your tired and sick .
It is your corrupt we claim .
It is your evil , who will be sought by us .
With every breath we shall hunt them down .
Each day we will spill their blood till it rains down from the skies .
Do not kill , do not rape , do not steal . These are principles which every man of every faith can embrace .
These are not polite suggestions . They are codes of behavior and those that ignore them will pay the dearest cost .
There are varying degrees of evil . We urge you lesser forms of filth Not to push the bounds and cross over into true corruption into our domain .
For if you do , there will come the day when you look behind you and see we three . And on that day you will reap it .
And we will send you to whatever God you wish .
I prefer to be called Rozengurtle by men .
Okay then let 's get ya started .
I knew you two pricks would give me problems . Give me shit cause I 'm a woman . I 'm not gon na take your male dominance bullshit !
Oh , come on now Rozengurtle . I was just tryin ' ta get a rise outta ya .
So , what do we do now ?
That depends . You either do your job or get ethical .
She was in here when it went down .
Can she I.D . them ?
I killed your fuckin ' cat , you druggie bitch !
You oh god , why ?
I felt it would bring closure to our relationship !
You killed my my
Your what , bitch ? I 'll shoot myself in the head , you can tell me that cats name ! Go ahead Your what ? Your precious little
Pee Per Man .
So Duffy , got any theories to go with that tie .
These guys were pros . I think they were coming for one target , the fag man , he was the
Well , Freud was right . So you think they came for the fag man , huh ? And what do you base this upon ?
He was the only one done right . Two in the back of the head .
Now , what is this going to look like to those who do not know what I just told you ?
It 's gon na look like the bad guys are killing each other .
A guy went nuts over off of Commonwealth today . Shot three guys to death in a coffee shop in broad daylight . Fled the scene . Do n't have much on him .
Why was I not informed of this ?
These two fucking scenes are related . Too many coincidences . Same day ? Five hours apart ? Dead mobsters on both scenes . Now , why did he kill the bartender ?
Crime of passion . He just went nuts . He would have shot everyone in here . He just ran out of bullets .
What if it was just one guy with six guns ?
Why do n't you let me do the thinking , huh , genius ?
Oh , she 's quite proud of herself .
Okay , seriously , both you listen ta me now .
It 's only 11:00 here boys so I got lot 's more drinkin ' ta do with your worthless relatives down at the Anvil .
Just called ta torture us did ya ?
But he 's been havin ' himself a nip or two as well Been up the waitress ' skirt all night , poor girl .
Well you tell him ta take it easy with that . He 's got ta learn ta respect women the way Connor does .
Well fuck , you guys could do this every day .
We 're like 7-Eleven . We ai n't always doing business , but we 're always open .
You fuckin ' guys . You ruined me . I 'm fuckin ' done . Permanent package boy .
Who says that ? You could take credit on it .
Hey . You do n't know that shit for sure .
Oh , Jesus . You 're such a fuckin ' retard !
Fuck it ! What kind of flowers ya want at your funeral ? Ya dumb Wop . This is the last time I 'll see you . Bye-bye ya stupid son of a bitch .
I 'll be back at 9:00 .
No . You sure you 're okay ?
I 'm fuckin ' fine . Catch you on the flip side .
No . You sure you 're okay ?
I 'm fuckin ' fine . Catch you on the flip side .
Those rat fucks ! All of them were all laughing at me man !
You sure you killed them ?
Worst day of my life , man .
Well , I 'm sold .
Hey ! We got ta talk about this early morning church shit .
We have to go now . We 're on the lamb .
Why have you come to a church for council if you 're not religious ?
Why have I come to a church ? I never have before . I guess I just felt I should .
I want to stand for what I believe in , father .
Then you must find out what your beliefs are .
The laws of God are higher than the laws of man .
Yes ! Yes ! I was thinking that , too . No . I was feeling it . All I needed was to hear you say it ! Amen ! I 'll help them .
I 'm sorry you 're gon na hafta see this . Do n't look at me !
I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry . I did n't see .
Father , I 'll do you right here .
God have mercy on my soul .
Do your thing Father . Do n't fuck this up .
What do you want me to say ?
I always see you talking to the boys and making them laugh . They always come around telling me what a crack up you are . What is it they call you ?
The The funny man .
Tell me a joke funny man . Hee Hee .
I caught your show down at the velvet room at the Holiday Inn , loved it when you busted into Viva Las Vegas .
I think you might of dreamed this one , Anthony .
No . It 's a real episode . The killer is leading him across the city by calling different pay phones .
Did you see what I meant about the window ?
Kind of . Except we 've already got the keys .
Now that window can never be locked . It 's impossible .
See , your mind is very good with the more mechanical details . Whereas my strength would be
Anthony , we 'll get two hundred for the coin collection alone . That 's less than what it 's appraised at .
But Dignan , do you really know that much about rare coins ?
The list , Dignan . I know you remember the list because you signed it . Things Dignan was not supposed to touch .
Every valuable item in the house was on that list .
Anthony , give me the fucking gun !
No , Dignan . It 's not your gun . It 's all of ours .
Calm down . Take a deep breath .
You 're right . You 're right .
I did n't realize you were so sensitive to Bob 's feelings . Considering I did the plans , you 're actually lucky you got
Do n't even say it , man .
Can I get that credit card from you ?
I do n't like to use that credit card , Dignan .
She 's not going to notice , Anthony .
I do n't want to use it .
Well , then cut it in half .
I keep it for emergencies .
Really . OK , Dad . But seriously , Anthony . These are fast shoes .
You 've never had a pair of fast shoes in your life , Dignan . In fifth grade Dignan used to wear cowboy boots for P.E .
That 's real cool , Anthony . Yeah , I wore boots . My parents would n't buy me any $ 200 running shoes like yours . I was n't spoiled .
Do n't call me spoiled , Dignan .
Look , man . She did n't know anything about shirts .
No , I 'm not saying her . I 'm just saying , I do n't know .
Armored trucks are very difficult to steal , Anthony .
I know . But once you get inside you 're home free .
Right . Get back to me on that one . Once your plan is worth a shit .
It 's not a plan . It 's just
Actually . If you knew the exact route , you could plant explosives under a manhole cover and blow it up as it went over .
Yeah , but you would n't have the truck if you blew it up .
Dignan , I ca n't get my hair cut . That 's just not possible , all right ?
Then you 're going to have to dye it , Anthony . We 've got to hide our identities . Especially after Bob crashed the car .
No , Dignan . I 'm sorry . I ca n't do that .
Even if it 's the difference between some trooper recognizing us and throwing us in prison or not ?
I thought you guys went to get your hair cut .
No . We did n't .
What the fuck is going on here ?
What . What 's the matter ?
Anthony , we 're on the run from the law here . Did you tell these people your real name ?
No . I did n't . Dignan , they do n't speak English .
See , now we 've got a plan .
Do n't worry about it , Bob .
But if it was n't for Dignan I probably would of died .
Yes It 's true .
That coward . Son of a bitch .
Maybe he just went to the store .
He told you and you let him do it .
He told me because he wanted to know if I wanted to go .
If you wanted to go ? What were you going to do ? Just leave me here by myself ?
Well , I did n't do it , did I ?
So when you were saying Bob 's at the store and acting real surprised , that was just an act . You were just
Bob went to help his brother . I understand that and I ca n't help it if you do n't .
We 're going over to this bar if you feel like going .
No . I 'm going to swim . I 'll see you later .
I ca n't believe he just jumped you .
Can you hand me those french fries .
Inez has a master key to all these rooms , does n't she ? Does n't she ?
I do n't think we can do that .
I know we can . It 's real simple . We go into a room , grab some car keys and
What I 'm saying is she would n't go for that .
No one to back me up . Now I have a good idea . So unless you come up with something better
Dignan . I ca n't do that . All right ? I just ca n't .
I do n't think we need any keys , Dignan . I think I can hotwire a car for us .
You do n't know how to hotwire .
Yes , I do . Bob taught me .
Bob taught you how to get electrocuted .
I 'm not . But there 's
You ca n't just run home every time things get tough . First of all , we 've got enough dough to
A $ 500 tip ! For the housekeeper !
Her name 's Inez . Stop calling her the housekeeper .
Applejack would of got him anyway . This was just the quicker way .
You really hit a guy with a bottle ?
It 's big , Anthony . Real big . It 's called Hinckley Cold Storage .
What 's Hinckley Cold Storage ?
What exactly is this place ? Freezers ?
Right . Freezers . Imported foods .
No fighting . It was n't Bob 's fault .
Easy , Dignan . It 's OK .
I do n't know , Dignan . You went crazy .
I 'm sorry , Bob .
I 'll try not to hold you back tomorrow .
I do n't think you will .
I do n't want to be too much of a liability .
Look , you 're going to do fine . It 's OK to be scared .
Bird Dog to Scarecrow . Bird Dog to Scarecrow .
Go ahead , Bird Dog .
Not at all . The place is totally deserted .
Good . It 's supposed to be .
I 've got a great view up here . I can see all the
Stand by , Bird Dog .
What 's happening ? What 's going on ?
It was Bob . His walkie talkie 's busted .
Who did that ? What the fuck is that ?
It 's going back down .
So is Mr. Henry going to come by and see me or anything ?
I do n't think so . I mean . Actually , he robbed Bob 's house .
It 's hard to get much spin with this kind of paddle .
It 's called a racquet , Anthony , and you 're holding it wrong . That 's ghetto play . Hold it like this .
Tell me something . What the hell kind of name is Dignan ?
I 'm not really sure . I think it 's Irish . Or maybe
I guess what I 'm trying to say is what the hell kind of person is this Dignan ?
What do you mean what kind of person ? He 's a good person .
Sure , sure . He 's a great person , and I 'd call bullshit on anybody who said differently . But I wonder if the kid has the goods up here .
I do n't think you 're giving him enough credit . I know sometimes he does n't think an idea through . He gets too excited . But
What do herbs have to do with it ? I do n't understand the
Pot is an herb . It 's just like any type of gardening .
In your backyard ? How do you protect them ?
It 's private property . Plus I have Hector .
What the fuck is Dignan doing with that cop ? He loves them .
There 's a million places to hide around here .
How long are they going to hold him ?
I do n't know . I do n't know anything . Except Phil says they got him . And he 's in jail .
You 've only been playing for two weeks , Bob . It takes a long time to learn this game .
You think I 'm improving ?
You do n't have to talk about it if you do n't want to .
No , I do n't mind .
I know it must of been a bad experience . But it does n't sound like it was your fault .
Well , I did n't mean to electrocute him . But the whole operation was my idea .
It took six months of research . I did all the wiring myself . Switched AC to DC . Doubled the voltage . Shorted out the generator . The whole school was shut down .
That 's pretty complicated for a senior prank .
Yeah . One minute you 're studying Great Expectations and the next minute you 're drawing the Holy Mary for some kid who tried to stab his girlfriend .
Why were you drawing the Holy Mary ?
I thought he did n't have to pay anything because of the technicality .
Yeah , but he still has the aggravation . Three days sitting in a cell .
Well , because you guys do n't look alike .
No . I was n't adopted .
Does my skin feel soft , Anthony ?
God , yes . Like silk .
Just settling an old score . You might say revenge .
That sounds like a lot of bullshit that 'll land us in jail .
I do n't know why the fuck we 're having a party . The damn job 's not over yet .
Well , this is n't really a party per se .
Dignan and Anthony , this is Little Richard . He 's crazy . Totally nuts .
I do n't know about that .
If you 're that worried , maybe we should just steal one .
What are you talking about , Bob ?
Well . What do you want to do ? You want to steal one or just drive your car ?
I 'll just drive my car .
How much could you grow ? Realistically .
As much as I want . When these plants bud I 'll probably have about six thousand dollars worth of weed .
Six thousand dollars ? Come on , Bob .
You should take a look . I have an entire crop in my backyard .
Do n't you guys tell anybody about my plants .
You 're paranoid , Bob .
You said it like it was a big joke , Bob . Like he 's wild .
No , I was saying crazy like a lunatic .
I know that now . He 's a fucking psycho .
Well , do n't blame me . I told you .
What 's your fucking problem ? You 're a shithead !
I just want to see how much bullets it takes .
He does n't get it . Held never understand what we 're trying to accomplish here . It 's too dangerous for him .
Well , in reality it 's not that dangerous , Bob . It 's only dangerous if you do n't know what you 're doing .
Was Dignan screaming like , Get me a bag !
No . I was calm .
You really think he 'll remember you ?
No . All he 'll remember is a guy with a piece of tape on his nose .
I mean , Jesus Christ , Bob . You did n't have some vicious lunatic screaming , I 'm going to remember you !
That 's true . That would give me nightmares .
In all probability nothing would of happened . But why take the chance ? That 's why I ran . I mean how many plants were even back there ? Five ? Ten ?
There were more than that .
I 'm sure he did . We 'll have to get new plates .
It 's registered in my mother 's name .
I do n't think they can make it stick , Bob . I mean , what do they actually have on Future Man ?
Well , the marijuana crop is a good start .
Since when is it a crime to have a scale in your house ? Everybody has a scale .
The cops say it 's a special kind of scale drug dealers use in selling marijuana .
So tell them the truth . What do you use it for ?
I was just going to use it to see how much I had .
Then how come they have n't set the bail yet ? That 's unconstitutional .
We 'll have to see when we get back .
Dignan . You 're going to give me those keys or you 're going to get hurt .
Do n't threaten me , Bob .
Future Man would never go to jail for you , I 'll tell you that .
His name 's not Future Man , Dignan .
It 's not your decision and he 's not your brother , Dignan .
That 's right . I only have one vote . We 'll go talk with Anthony and figure it out .
Come on in . What you been up to ?
Not a whole lot , Bob .
I ca n't fucking believe this guy . An apology , Bob ?
Man , I do n't want to go into this .
It was n't your fault , Bob . You had your brother .
I did n't have any choice .
It looks pretty good . There 's nobody back here .
Stand by . Bird Dog ?
Jesus Christ . What the fuck is that ?
I did n't think there was an alarm .
I know , Bob . You were on a secret mission .
I 'd appreciate it if you did n't go around telling people lies about me .
He said you ran away from home .
No . I did n't run away . I went out of town .
Dignan . Good to see you . Good to see you Applejack . Who are you ?
This is Anthony Adams , Mr. Henry .
Where is he ? Where is Rob ?
I do n't know . Maybe in literature . That 's his section .
Hello , my friend . You in the Army , yes ?
No . I just have short hair .
Well , we 'll see you later , Bob .
Pleasure to meet you , John .
Neski was a roadblock . Without me , there 's no company , no fortune . You owe me , Uri . One last push .
One last push . One .
He left yesterday on the night train . He 's probably just getting in now . You 'll have to hurry .
Bourne comes here ? Why ?
What 's definitive , is that I just lost two people in Berlin !
So what 's your theory ? Conklin 's reaching out from the grave to protect his good name ? The man is dead .
You do n't know what you 're getting into here .
And you do ? From the moment he left Treadstone , he has killed and eluded every person that you sent to find him
Call a Mayday into Berlin station . We need snipers , DOD , whatever they got . Snipers ?
Hold on he said he wants to come in .
Oh , God It must have been Bourne .
Did he say anything to you ?
Jesus I , Zorn I have to call his family . Tell them
I 'm sorry , Ward .
I do n't exactly know what to say I 'm sorry .
'Why ' would be enough for me .
Why not ? It was just money .
And Danny Zorn , what was that ?
In the end , honestly , it 's hubris . Simple hubris . You reach a point in this game when the only satisfaction left is to see how clever you are .
No . You lost your way .
It 's nice . Does this picture mean anything to you ? Hmm ?
It 's nothing . It 's just a picture .
They loved you . And I killed them .
How how can how can you be here and say this ?
I should kill you if it 's true you should die I should kill you now !
I ca n't let you do that either .
So why did n't you kill me then ?
She would n't let me . She 's the only reason you 're alive .
We write them down because sooner or later you 're going to remember something good .
I do remember something good . All the time . I remember you .
I 'm trying , Marie , Okay ?
I worry when you get like this .
You are better . And I think it 's not memories at all . It 's just a dream you keep having over and over .
But it ends up the same .
I do n't want to move again I like it here .
Look , we clear out , we get to the shack , we get safe . We hang there awhile . I 'll come back . I 'll check it out . But right now we ca n't
I 'm going to bail on the other side and wait . This bridge is the only way he can follow .
What if it 's not who you think it is ?
If he crosses the bridge , it is .
There must be another way !
I warned them , Marie . I told them to leave us alone .
Jason , please do n't do this it wo n't ever be over like this .
God , I miss you . I do n't know what to do without you .
Jason . You know exactly what to do . That is your mission now .
How do they know that ? How can they know any of that ?
What is this , a game ?
What was Landy buying ? What kind of files ? WHAT WAS SHE BUYING ?
Conklin ! Stuff on Conklin !
For Treadstone . In Berlin . You know my file . I did a job here . When ?
No . You never worked Berlin .
Okay , how do you want to do it ?
I want someone I know to take me in .
There 's only a Consulate , they sent a field officer out half an hour ago
Then get a number , they need to know who they 're dealing with .
Maybe he just needed a place to spend the night ?
I want to look at the room . Check it out .
We 'll know for sure when we get the security tapes .
But we can relax . We tracked him . He 's on a train to Moscow .
I want that area secured , I want any evidence secured and I want it done now . Is that clear ?
Yes , sir ma'am
I 'm curious about Bourne . Your interpretation of his condition . You have specific training in the identification and diagnosis of psychological conditions ?
Am I a doctor , no , but
Not good enough . You 're the person who floated this amnesia story . Ever feel sorry for him ? For what he 'd been through ?
You 're making it out like we 're friends here or something . I met him alone twice .
You felt nothing ? No spark ? Two young people in Paris ? Dangerous missions ? Life and death ?
You mean , did I want a date ?
What do you think ? Is he coming in ?
I do n't know . He was sick . He wanted out . I believed him .
We 're looking at all Berlin outbound . Good news is , every train station in Berlin has thirty to forty fixed , digital security cameras . Common feed .
Are we hacking or asking ?
Then we 'll just have a peek at the wounds . Dig 'em up !
They 've been sanctified and buried in the holy rites of God 's church , and any hand that disturbs them now takes on eternal damnation . So please do it .
We 'll sleep here tonight . You 'll come home with me . We 'll let the house , and the lands too ; plenty of willing neighbors .
I do n't want to leave .
Did the priest say anything about the Resurrection ? Or was it all about Judgment ?
It was in Latin , sir .
A thousand . You have made me Guardian of Scotland . So I tell you this is what we face .
We must sue for peace .
Sir William . We come to seek a meeting .
You 've all sworn to Longshanks .
An oath to a liar is no oath at all . An oath to a patriot is a vow indeed . Every man of us is ready to swear loyalty to you .
So let the council swear publicly .
I will meet you , but only one way if Robert the Bruce is there , and puts his hand on my Bible , and swears his loyalty to Scotland .
He has already agreed to come .
May he rest in peace You have already sealed the coffin ?
He was a modest man .
If I pay homage to another 's throne , then how am I a king ?
Homage is nothing . It is the crown that matters !
The crown is that of Scotland . And Scotland is William Wallace .
That is another matter . There is a price to all this , required both by Longshanks and our nobles . Pay it , and you will be our king . And we will have peace .
Now we kill two birds at one stroke . We recruit from Scotland for our armies in France .
The Scots will fight for us ?
What choice do they have ? Now they must serve us or starve .
But if we have not caught Wallace
His legend grows ! It will be worse than before !
You let Wallace escape your whole army . You can not blame me for this .
Now , my flower , do you understand ?
Yes . I had thought that I was loathsome to you . Perhaps I am . If I may be excused , M'lord .
Is it true ? Wallace is captured ?
Simply because he eluded your trap , do you think he is more than a man ? My father is dying . Perhaps you should think of our coronation .
Nor you . To you that word is as unfamiliar as love .
Before he lost his powers of speech , he told me his one comfort was that he would live to know Wallace was dead .
Thanks for the food and drink . And for bringing 'em yourselves .
We 're here to stay . We do n't care to live , if we ca n't fight beside ya .
That 's just a dream , William !
We 've lived a dream together . A dream of freedom !
Your dreams are n't about freedom ! They 're about Marion ! You have to be a hero , because you think she sees you ! Is that it ?
My dreams of Marion are gone . I killed them myself . If I knew I could live with her on the other side of death , I 'd welcome it .
Keep these . We 're going too .
No . One of us is enough .
They 're English soldiers , ai n't they ?
With your father and brother gone , they 'll kill us and burn the farm !
We 'll get those English pigs tomorrow .
Aye , we 'll get 'em .
I still say this is no test . A catapult can throw a stone farther than a man can .
That depends on the man .
Can you do it when it matters ? As it matters in battle ? Could you crush a man with that throw ?
I could crush you like a roach .
All right , Father , I 'll ask him ! If I risk my neck for you , will I get a chance to kill Englishmen ?
Is your Poppa a ghost or do you converse with God Almighty ?
I sent for him and the little coward send you ? !
Shall I leave , M'lord ?
Then why does he stay ? My scouts say he has not advanced .
He waits . For you . He says he will attack no more towns if you are man enough to come fight him .
No . I have it to ease the suffering of the children of this war .
This is what happens when you must send a woman . And a fool .
Forgive me , Sire . I thought that generosity might demonstrate your greatness to those you mean to rule .
My greatness is better demonstrated with this .
Never , in my whole life , did I swear allegiance to your king
It matters not , he is thy king !
Your father does n't like me , does he ?
It 's not you . He dislikes that you 're a Wallace . He just says the Wallaces do n't seem to live for very long .
I 'll invite you again , but your mother thinks I 'm crazy .
You are . And I 'll come again .
I do n't want to scare you . I want to be yours , and you mine . Every night like this one .
This night is too beautiful to have again .
I do n't want to wake . I want to stay with you .
And I with you . But you must wake .
I need you so much ! I love you !
Wake up , William . Wake up !
When the king returns he will bury them in those new clothes . Scotland is in chaos . Your husband is secretly sending an army north .
How do you know this ?
Last night I slept with a member of the War Council .
He should n't be telling secrets in bed .
This Scottish rebel Wallace ? He fights to avenge a woman ?
A magistrate wished to capture him , and found he had a secret lover , so he cut the girl 's throat to tempt Wallace to fight and fight he did .
I come as the king 's servant , and with his authority .
It 's battle I want , not talk .
I understand that you have recently been given the rank of knight .
I have been given nothing . God makes men what they are .
I understand you have suffered . I know about your woman .
She was my wife . We married in secret because I would not share her with an English lord . They killed her to get to me . And she was pregnant .
A meeting in a barn . It had to be a trap . And only you would know I would be aware of it .
It does me good to see you .
M'lady what kindness of you to visit a stranger .
Sir , I come to beg you to confess all , and swear allegiance to the king , that he might show you mercy .
Will he show mercy to my country ? Will he take back his soldiers , and let us rule ourselves ?
Mercy is to die quickly . Perhaps even live in the Tower . In time , who knows what can happen , if you can only live .
You will die ! It will be awful !
Every man dies . Not every man really lives .
Drink this ! It will dull your pain .
It will numb my wits , and I must have them all . If I 'm senseless , or if I wail , then Longshanks will have broken me .
Wait ! I respect what you said . But remember , these men have lands , castles . Much to risk .
And the common man who bleeds on the battlefield , does he risk less ?
What 's the crazy man saying , Lord ?
The dogs have a scent . My scent . Someone must have given it to them .
I thought I was dead when ya pulled that dagger !
No English lord would trust an Irishman !
Come , it 'll help you sleep .
Aye . But it wo n't let me dream .
Mrs. Treborn ! I need to speak with you !
I 'm sorry , but can it wait til tonight ? I 'm already late for work
Thank you for showing it to me first . I 'll I 'll take care of it . Can I have the picture ?
Of course . There is one more thing , Mrs. Treborn . And I feel bad for mentioning it
And you say he does n't remember any of it ?
Not according to his teacher . It just got me thinking about Jason and what if Evan 's inherited his father 's condition ?
Just tell me that Evan does n't have Jason 's illness
Look , Andrea , I 'm sure he 'll test negative for brain disorders . But there 's something else you can try to monitor his memory .
Unfortunately , we 've got nothing to work with . It 's harder playing detective now .
But you must have something to go on ?
If I had to guess , I 'd say the blackouts are stress related .
But he 's seven . What kind of stress can he have ?
Plenty . Who knows ? Maybe he 's got severe coping problems about not having a father . Did you say the last blackout occurred when he was with his friend 's dad .
Come on , I doubt the answer 's that simple .
You 'd be surprised how often they are .
Well , he has been pushing me to meet his father , but I 've been putting it off .
Evan wake up , oh please wake up !
Nine , ten . And you 're awake ! Open your eyes , dammit !
Actually , these tests were n't available twenty years ago .
So what did you find .
We 're gon na be late again .
When did you ever care about getting to school on time ?
We 've been over this a hundred times . It 's too dangerous for him .
But Lenny said that his dad 's coming and Tommy and Kayleigh 's dad
All the dads are gon na be there .
I get the point , kiddo . But I 'm not so bad , am I ?
I do n't like this place , Mom . It 's creepy . Please can we go ? I promise I wo n't make any more bad pictures !
You 'll be fine . Dr. Redfield just wants to give you some tests . You 'll like him .
That 's why I wanted you to come here , Evan . Dr. Redfield already has a background in memory loss .
My father has a bad memory , too ?
These 'll bring you luck , Crockett .
Great . I 'll see you soon .
I do n't know I do n't remember .
Something must 've happened ! What set him off ?
Please , mom . People will talk .
I ca n't help it . I 'm just so proud of you . You 've got the highest grades in all of your classes .
Did Da Jason get good grades ?
Please . He got straight A 's without ever touching a book . That was the one area where his memory never failed him .
And then , just before it got so bad that he had to be committed , he said that he could
What ? What could he do ?
I do n't know . These things take time .
How 's Kayleigh doing ? She all right ?
You 're . Acting . Like your father .
Come on , Mom . Just 'cause Dad was my age when he started going crazy does n't mean that I 'm nuts .
How . Did you . Know that ?
You told me that on Parents ' Weekend . Remember ? Wait , that was n't me . Or you .
So when I 'm out , I need you to watch my face and hands closely .
You need to see the prison shrink , man .
What did you see ? What did it look like ?
Signs of the Lord . They just appeared out of nowhere . I thought you were loco !
Go on . Nothing can hurt you . Remember , this is only a movie . You 're completely safe .
I ca n't the car vanishes and all of a sudden I 'm on the ground in the woods .
It 's a little complicated . I have n't seen results exactly like these before .
Are you sure ? Not even with my father ?
This is where we 're finding most of the hemorrhaging . The outer lining of the cerebral cortex .
Lem me guess . Would that be where the memories are stored ?
Hey , Evan . What 's the big rush ? We do n't meet for another hour .
Where are my goddamn books ?
Get dressed , Thumper , you 're taking me out for my birthday .
I thought you were a December baby .
Just by absorbing the first worm into its cellular structure , it gets all of the worm 's memories .
That 's probably why Hannibal Lecter 's so smart .
You really think he wanted to kill you ?
All I know is that I might be able to unblock some of my repressed memories .
We should go soon . If Dad catches us smoking down here , we 're dead .
So let 's go . This place creeps me out .
I 'm sorry Kayleigh . This was a bad idea .
You really do n't remember anything that happened ?
I ca n't believe Tommy 's still pissed at me . He knows I 'm moving away , right ?
He 's been acting real strange lately . He wo n't even look me in the eyes anymore .
Did your mom say if Lenny was okay ?
He must be . They 're letting him go , right ?
God , Evan ! I never thought I 'd see you again . How 've you been ?
Oh , comme si , comme ca , you know
No , Evan . I do n't know . It 's been a long time . Fill me in .
I 'm going to State now . Things are going okay . I guess . Mom 's good
No . I emancipated myself when I was fifteen .
Wow . That must 've taken some courage .
Actually , Kayleigh , the reason I came back to town was to talk to you .
Me ? Are you kidding ? Why ?
Well , lately some of the memories have begun to come back and I 'd kinda like to talk to you about one of them in particular . It 'd be a big help .
Well , sure . I 'll try to remember . Shoot .
When we were kids . Your dad was making a movie . Robin Hood or something ?
What do you want to know , Evan ?
It 's just did he what happened in the basement ?
It was a long time ago .
Just shut up , Evan . You 're wasting your breath .
You ca n't hate yourself just because your dad 's a twisted freak .
Jesus , Kayleigh , you 're Incredible .
Mmm You give good compliment . Clean up and come back to bed .
Hey , uh , do n't go freaking out on me over this , but do you remember when your dad first got his video camera ?
Well I remember he had one but he , like , put it away after the first day . Why would that freak me out ?
Oh my God , that was good . Where 'd you learn all those new tricks ?
So it did n't feel weird ?
What do you think it is about us that makes us so perfect ? Like , looking back , whatever gave you the nerve to sneak out and visit me after I moved away ?
As if my dad could 've stopped me from seeing you . What 's he gon na do to me ?
I do n't know what to say . It 's beautiful .
Go on . Sit down .
Why are you doing all this for me ?
Simple math . When I woke up this morning and saw your smile I knew that I wanted to spend the rest of my life with you .
Please , Evan . Do n't even joke . He would n't hurt you . He 's just trying to scare you away from me .
Yeah , right . Tell that to Crockett .
I ca n't put my finger on it , but everything 's a bit off . Even the dinner tonight . It was beautiful , but
I know I 've been actin strange lately . It 's just that I do n't want anything to happen to us .
Oh , I thought you were my eight o'clock . Make it fast , I 'm expecting someone .
Nice to see you , too . Can I come in ?
So how 's tricks ? Sorry , occupational humor .
I get it . You can drop it now .
Oh , I 'm sorry . Does my line of work make you uncomfortable , precious ?
No . Just that you need to hurt me with it . I 've been where you 've been .
On the bridge . How did you know that Tommy had your dog ? That was no fucking hunch .
Do you remember when I was a kid and I had those blackouts ?
You 're right , Evan , I do n't believe you .
I never thought you would . That 's why I 've never bothered to tell a soul until now , and why I never will again .
Sure you do n't want your wallet ?
Do n't think I 'll need it where I 'm going .
Kayleigh ? Do you ever think about us ? I mean , wonder if it could ever have been different between the two of us ?
Sure , Evan , why not ? You were the first person I really ever cared about .
I never knew that . So then you still sometimes think of us together ?
It 's crossed my mind from time to time .
Then you think it might have worked out ?
Why not ? But that 's not how things wound up . I 'm with Lenny , Lenny 's your friend . And there it ends .
We 're really gon na be in a movie ! ?
That 's right , Evan , and you get to be the star .
Where am I ? What happened ? Where did we all go ?
Calm down , kid . Stand still .
That 's dangerous ! You could blow your hands off !
Been there , done that .
It 's okay . I wo n't bite . You 've seen pictures of me , right ?
Uh-huh . Mom says I have your eyes and your
Are you okay ? You looked like you were somewhere else for a second there .
Look , Jason , I need some fast answers if I 'm ever gon na fix what I 've done .
I was praying this curse would have ended with me .
But it did n't . And now I need info to make things right again and you 're the only one who can give it to me .
There is no right . When you change who people are , you destroy who they were .
Who 's to say you ca n't make things better ?
You ca n't play God , son . It must end with me . Just by being here , you may be killing your mother .
Bullshit . I 'll send you a postcard when I 've made everything perfect again .
Evan , you 're hysterical . You study for this ?
We 'll find out soon enough .
Thanks . Wow . Hey , I want to do something really special for Kayleigh tomorrow . If I said I needed some help from you and the brothers
I 'd say blow me . Get the pledges to do it .
Just do n't drop the ball , okay ?
I wo n't let you down , Professor Carter .
Remember , everyone ! Only two weeks until your science projects are due .
I still owe you an essay from last week . Is there any way I could get an extension ?
Most guys tuck their porn under here , but all you have are comp books .
Yeah . I 've been keeping journals since I was seven .
It did n't feel like a dream .
Maybe because they never do . So Don Juan , you pass out on all your dates ?
Can can Can I have this ?
Sure . I was gon na make a new one , anyway .
You knew the whole time , did n't you ? When you put the blade in my hand , you knew something big was going to happen . Did n't you ? !
Y yes . I guess I did .
Uh , we should be getting to class now .
Forget it . What 's the point of Psych now ? Tomorrow I could wake up as some dirt farmer in Bangladesh .
Are you sure you even packed it ?
My mom packed for me . I think she sent everything I ever owned . So we 'll see .
What do you need it for ? I do n't get you lately .
Duly noted . Now I 'm gon na ask you for one last favor .
Hey , what 'd you do that for ?
Fat little baby , crying for mommy .
Tommy , I 'm bored shitless over here . What 's up already ?
Hold your horses , man . It 's here somewhere . I saw it when I was a kid .
Hurry ! Let 's go ! Get him up , Evan ! Come on !
What happened ? Where are we ? !
Mom . Do n't cry . I can change this .
I think I 'll go check out the chapel .
Nothing . Just that my brother did a stint in the pen and he used to eat like that .
I come from a big family .
Evan , guess what ? Dad got a new video camera and we 're all gon na be in a movie .
I do n't think Evan gets to be in it
Quit it , Tommy . Evan gets to be Robin Hood . I 'm gon na be Maid Marian , and you 're the Sheriff of Nottingham !
I thought I was the bad guy !
What did I say about mentioning that bitch ?
Where the hell are you taking us anyway ? Just blow something up already .
The hell you are n't . Anyone of us does it , you 'll puss out and narc for sure .
Ai n't gon na work this time , buddy . Look how small that fuse is ! I 'll get killed .
Maybe it went out . Should someone check it ?
Yeah , you do that , Lenny .
How did you get in here ? You 're under age .
I came with Captain Renault .
Monsieur Rick , what kind of man is Captain Renault ?
Oh , he 's just like any other man , only more so .
You will find a market there for this ring . I am forced to sell it at a great sacrifice .
Thank you , but I hardly think
Such a bargain . But that is your decision ?
I 'm sorry . It is .
I recognize you from the news photographs , Monsieur Laszlo .
In a concentration camp , one is apt to lose a little weight .
We read five times that you were killed in five different places .
As you see , it was true every single time . Thank heaven I found you , Berger . I am looking for a man by the name of Ugarte . He is supposed to help me .
Well , you are in pretty good shape , Herr Rick .
How long can I afford to stay closed ?
Oh , two weeks , maybe three .
Maybe I wo n't have to . A bribe has worked before . In the meantime , everybody stays on salary .
Now you finish locking up , will you , Carl ?
I will . Then I am going to the meeting of the
The police break up our meeting . Herr Rick ! We escaped in the last moment .
Come up here a minute .
Excuse me , Monsieur Rick , but a gentleman inside has won twenty thousand francs . The cashier would like some money .
Well , I 'll get it from the safe .
Fine , but I would like to buy your cafe .
It 's not for sale .
That 's too bad . That 's Casablanca 's leading commodity . In refugees alone we could make a fortune if you would work with me through the black market .
Suppose you run your business and let me run mine .
I see the bus is in . I 'll take my shipment with me .
No hurry . I 'll have it sent over . Have a drink with me .
I never drink in the morning . And every time you send my shipment over , it 's always just a little bit short .
Carrying charges , my boy , carrying charges . Here , sit down . There 's something I want to talk over with you , anyhow .
The bourbon . The news about Ugarte upset me very much .
You 're a fat hypocrite . You do n't feel any sorrier for Ugarte than I do .
If I could lay my hands on those letters , I could make a fortune .
So could I . And I 'm a poor businessman .
Naturally there will be a few incidental expenses . That is the proposition I have for whoever has those letters .
I 'll tell him when he comes in .
Rick , I 'll put my cards on the table . I think you know where those letters are .
Well , you 're in good company . Renault and Strasser probably think so , too .
Shall we draw up the papers , or is our handshake good enough ?
It 's certainly not good enough . But since I 'm in a hurry , it 'll have to do .
Ah , to get out of Casablanca and go to America ! You 're a lucky man .
Oh , by the way , my agreement with Sam 's always been that he gets twenty-five percent of the profits . That still goes .
Do n't forget , you owe Rick 's a hundred cartons of American cigarettes .
I shall remember to pay it to myself .
We 've decided , Signor Ferrari . For the present we 'll go on looking for two exit visas . Thank you very much .
Well , good luck . But be careful . You know you 're being shadowed ?
Mademoiselle , after this disturbance it is not safe for Laszlo to stay in Casablanca .
This morning you implied it was not safe for him to leave Casablanca .
Uh huh . Under a safe conduct from me .
What value is that ? You may recall what German guarantees have been worth in the past .
I remember every detail . The Germans wore gray , you wore blue .
Yes . I put that dress away . When the Germans march out , I 'll wear it again .
There 's still nobody in the world who can play As Time Goes By like Sam .
He has n't played it in a long time .
Who are you really ? And what were you before ? What did you do and what did you think ? Huh ?
We said no questions .
That 's easy . There was . He 's dead .
I 'm sorry for asking . I forgot we said no questions .
Richard , they 'll find out your record . It wo n't be safe for you here .
I 'm on their blacklist already , their roll of honor .
With the whole world crumbling , we pick this time to fall in love .
Yeah . It 's pretty bad timing . Where were you , say , ten years ago ?
Strange . I know so very little about you .
I know very little about you , just the fact that you had your teeth straightened .
But be serious , darling . You are in danger and you must leave Paris .
No , no , no , no . We must leave .
No , no . Not at my hotel . I , uh , I have things to do in the city before I leave . I 'll meet you at the station , huh ?
All right . At a quarter to five . Say , why do n't we get married in Marseilles ?
That 's too far ahead to plan .
Yes , I guess it is a little too far ahead . Well , let 's see . What about the engineer ? Why ca n't he marry us on the train ?
Oh . I saved my first drink to have with you . Here .
No . No , Rick . Not tonight .
Please do n't . Do n't , Rick . I can understand how you feel .
Huh ! You understand how I feel . How long was it we had , honey ?
Can I tell you a story , Rick ?
Has it got a wow finish ?
I do n't know the finish yet .
Well , go on , tell it . Maybe one will come to you as you go along .
Well , you can tell me now . I 'm reasonably sober .
I do n't think I will , Rick .
Did you run out on me because you could n't take it ? Because you knew what it would be like , hiding from the police , running away all the time ?
You can believe that if you want to .
All the same , someday you 'll lie to Laszlo . You 'll be there .
No , Rick . No , you see , Victor Laszlo is my husband and was , even when I knew you in Paris .
I told you this morning you 'd come around , but this is a little ahead of schedule . Well , wo n't you sit down ?
Richard , I had to see you .
Your unexpected visit is n't connected by any chance with the letters of transit ? It seems that as long as I have those letters I 'll never be lonely .
You can ask any price you want , but you must give me those letters .
I went through all that with your husband . It 's no deal .
I know how you feel about me , but I 'm asking you to put your feelings aside for something more important .
Do I have to hear again what a great man your husband is ? What an important cause he 's fighting for ?
It was your cause , too . In your own way , you were fighting for the same thing .
For the last time , put them on the table .
If Laszlo and the cause mean so much to you , you wo n't stop at anything . All right , I 'll make it easier for you .
But it 's all right , is n't it ? You were able to arrange everything ?
Everything is quite all right .
I do n't understand . What about you ?
I 'm staying here with him 'til the plane gets safely away .
We 'll always have Paris . We did n't have , we 'd lost it , until you came to Casablanca . We got it back last night .
And I said I would never leave you .
You used to be a much better liar , Sam .
Leave him alone , Miss Ilsa . You 're bad luck to him .
Play it once , Sam , for old time 's sake .
I do n't know what you mean , Miss Ilsa .
Play it , Sam . Play As Time Goes By .
Oh I ca n't remember it , Miss Ilsa . I 'm a little rusty on it .
Victor , I , I feel somehow we should n't stay here .
If we would walk out so soon , it would only call attention to us . Perhaps Ugarte 's in some other part of the cafe .
This time they really mean to stop me .
Victor , I 'm afraid for you .
We are only interested in two visas , Signor .
Please , Ilsa , do n't be hasty .
No , Ilsa , I wo n't let you stay here . You must get to America . And believe me , somehow I will get out and join you .
But , Victor , if the situation were different , if I had to stay and there were only a visa for one , would you take it ?
He does . Could we have a table close to him ?
And as far away from Major Strasser as possible .
Do n't joke . After Major Strasser 's warning tonight , I am frightened .
To tell you the truth , I am frightened too . Shall I remain here in our hotel room hiding , or shall I carry on the best I can ?
Whatever I 'd say , you 'd carry on . Victor , why do n't you tell me about Rick ? What did you find out ?
Apparently he has the letters .
No , Victor , there is n't .
I love you very much , my dear .
I ca n't get over you two . She was asking about you earlier , Rick , in a way that made me extremely jealous .
I was n't sure you were the same . Let 's see , the last time we met
I 'm afraid Major Strasser would insist .
You 're saying this only to make me go .
One hears a great deal about Rick in Casablanca .
And about Victor Laszlo everywhere .
Is n't it strange that you always happened to be fighting on the side of the underdog ?
Yes . I found that a very expensive hobby , too . But then I never was much of a businessman .
Are you enough of a businessman to appreciate an offer of a hundred thousand francs ?
I appreciate it , but I do n't accept it .
I 'll raise it to two hundred thousand .
My friend , you could make it a million francs , or three , my answer would still be the same .
There must be some reason why you wo n't let me have them .
There is . I suggest that you ask your wife .
Do n't you sometimes wonder if it 's worth all this ? I mean what you 're fighting for ?
We might as well question why we breathe . If we stop breathing , we 'll die . If we stop fighting our enemies , the world will die .
I wonder if you do . I wonder if you know that you 're trying to escape from yourself and that you 'll never succeed .
You seem to know all about my destiny .
Monsieur Blaine , I do n't know how to thank you .
Oh , save it . We 've still lots of things to do .
I brought the money , Monsieur Blaine .
Keep it . You 'll need it in America .
Monsieur Blaine , I do n't ask you to explain anything .
I 'm going to anyway , because it may make a difference to you later on . You said you knew about Ilsa and me .
I am Captain Renault , Prefect of Police .
Yes . What is it you want ?
Merely to welcome you to Casablanca and wish you a pleasant stay . It is not often we have so distinguished a visitor .
Thank you . I hope you 'll forgive me , Captain , but the present French administration has not always been so cordial . May I present Miss Ilsa Lund ?
Well ! A precedent is being broken . Er , Emil !
This is a very interesting cafe . I congratulate you .
Ricky , you 're becoming quite human . I suppose we have to thank you for that , Mademoiselle .
Ilsa , I do n't wish to be the one to say it , but it 's late .
That 's strange . Nobody is supposed to sleep well in Casablanca .
May we proceed with the business ?
I am afraid not . My regrets , Monsieur .
Well , perhaps I shall like it in Casablanca .
And the honor of having served the Third Reich .
I was in a German concentration camp for a year . That 's honor enough for a lifetime .
I believe you have a message for him ?
Nothing important , but may I speak to him now ?
I am making out the report now . We have n't quite decided whether he committed suicide or died trying to escape .
Are you quite finished with us ?
I 'm sure you 'll excuse me if I am not gracious , but you see , Major Strasser , I 'm a Czechoslovakian .
You were a Czechoslovakian . Now you are a subject of the German Reich !
This is hardly the time or the place .
Then we shall state another time and another place . Tomorrow at ten in the Prefect 's office , with Mademoiselle .
Is that all you wish to tell us ?
Do n't be in such a hurry . You have all the time in the world . You may be in Casablanca indefinitely or you may leave for Lisbon tomorrow , on one condition .
You may find the climate of Casablanca a trifle warm , Major .
Oh , we Germans must get used to all climates , from Russia to the Sahara . But perhaps you were not referring to the weather .
Oh , there is no hurry . Tonight he 'll be at Rick 's . Everybody comes to Rick 's .
I have already heard about this cafe , and also about Mr. Rick himself .
Thank you . It is a pleasure to have you here , Major .
Champagne and a tin of caviar .
Especially so tonight , Major . In a few minutes you will see the arrest of the man who murdered your couriers .
I expected no less , Captain .
Rick , this is Major Heinrich Strasser of the Third Reich .
How do you do , Mr. Rick ?
You repeat Third Reich as though you expected there to be others .
Well , personally , Major , I will take what comes .
Rick is completely neutral about everything . And that takes in the field of women , too .
You were n't always so carefully neutral . We have a complete dossier on you .
Of course , one must admit he has great courage .
I admit he is very clever . Three times he slipped through our fingers . In Paris he continued his activities . We intend not to let it happen again .
I strongly suspect that Ugarte left the letters of transit with Mr. Blaine . I would suggest you search the cafe immediately and thoroughly .
If Rick has the letters , he 's much too smart to let you find them there .
As to Laszlo , we want him watched twenty-four hours a day .
It may interest you to know that at this very moment he is on his way here .
You see , Captain , the situation is not as much under control as you believe .
My dear Major , we are trying to cooperate with your government , but we can not regulate the feelings of our people .
Uh , huh . I have been thinking . It is too dangerous if we let him go . It may be too dangerous if we let him stay .
I see what you mean .
Yes , much too good a time . The place is to be closed .
But I have no excuse to close it .
What is the meaning of that phone call ?
Victor Laszlo is on that plane .
You know , I think now I shall pay a call on Yvonne , maybe get her on the rebound , eh ?
When it comes to women , you 're a true democrat .
The plane to Lisbon . You would like to be on it ?
Why ? What 's in Lisbon ?
It was a combination of all three .
And what in heaven 's name brought you to Casablanca ?
My health . I came to Casablanca for the waters .
Waters ? What waters ? We 're in the desert .
If you are thinking of warning him , do n't put yourself out . He can not possibly escape .
I stick my neck out for nobody .
How observant you are . As a matter of fact , I wanted to give you a word of advice .
Yeah ? Have a brandy ?
Rick , that is the first time I have ever seen you so impressed .
Well , he 's succeeded in impressing half the world .
It is my duty to see that he does n't impress the other half . Rick , Laszlo must never reach America . He stays in Casablanca .
It 'll be interesting to see how he manages .
This is the end of the chase .
Twenty thousand francs says it is n't .
It does n't matter . There is no exit visa for him .
Louis , whatever gave you the impression that I might be interested in helping Laszlo escape ?
The winning side would have paid you much better .
Maybe . Well , it seems you are determined to keep Laszlo here .
That makes Rick a citizen of the world .
I was born in New York City if that 'll help you any .
Serves me right for asking a direct question . The subject is closed .
Well , it looks like you 're a little late .
So Yvonne 's gone over to the enemy .
Who knows ? In her own way she may constitute an entire second front . I think it 's time for me to flatter Major Strasser a little . I 'll see you later , Rick .
Why do you interfere with my little romances ?
Put it down as a gesture to love .
How can you close me up ? On what grounds ?
I am shocked , shocked to find that gambling is going on in here !
Well , they 're all excellent reasons .
Do n't count too much on my friendship , Ricky . In this matter I 'm powerless . Besides , I might lose ten thousand francs .
I see . How do I know you 'll keep your end of the bargain ?
I 'll make the arrangements right now with Laszlo in the visitor 's pen .
You know , this place will never be the same without you , Ricky .
Yes , I know what you mean , but I 've already spoken to Ferrari . You 'll still win at roulette .
I suppose you know what you 're doing , but I wonder if you realize what this means ?
I do . We 've got plenty of time to discuss that later .
If you do n't mind , you fill in the names . That will make it even more official .
You think of everything , do n't you ?
Well I was right . You are a sentimentalist .
Stay where you are . I do n't know what you 're talking about .
I suppose you know this is n't going to be pleasant for either of us , especially for you . I 'll have to arrest you of course .
As soon as the plane goes , Louis .
Well , Rick , you 're not only a sentimentalist , but you 've become a patriot .
Maybe , but it seemed like a good time to start .
Come on , we 're going to get your coat .
Take your hands off me !
I understand you came here from Paris at the time of the occupation .
There seems to be no secret about that .
Are you one of those people who can not imagine the Germans in their beloved Paris ?
It 's not particularly my beloved Paris .
Well , there are certain sections of New York , Major , that I would n't advise you to try to invade .
Aha . Who do you think will win the war ?
My interest in whether Victor Laszlo stays or goes is purely a sporting one .
In this case , you have no sympathy for the fox , huh ?
You 'll excuse me , gentlemen . Your business is politics . Mine is running a saloon .
Good evening , Mr. Blaine .
I would advise you not to interfere .
I was willing to shoot Captain Renault , and I 'm willing to shoot you .
Huh . You know , Rick , watching you just now with the Deutsches Bank , one would think you 'd been doing this all your life .
Well , what makes you think I have n't ?
I forgot . You never drink with I 'll have another , please . You despise me , do n't you ?
If I gave you any thought , I probably would .
But think of all the poor devils who can not meet Renault 's price . I get it for them for half . Is that so parasitic ?
I do n't mind a parasite . I object to a cut-rate one .
Well , Rick , after tonight I 'll be through with the whole business , and I am leaving finally this Casablanca .
Who did you bribe for your visa ? Renault or yourself ?
Perhaps an hour , perhaps a little longer .
I do n't want them here overnight .
Sam , Ferrari wants you to work for him at the Blue Parrot .
I like it fine here .
He 'll double what I pay you .
Yeah , but I ai n't got time to spend the money I make here .
Well , I ai n't sleepy either .
Good . Then have a drink .
Boss , let 's get out of here .
No , sir . I 'm waiting for a lady .
Please , boss , let 's go . Ai n't nothing but trouble for you here .
She 's coming back . I know she 's coming back .
We 'll take the car and drive all night . We 'll get drunk . We 'll go fishing and stay away until she 's gone .
Shut up and go home , will you ?
Well , stop it . You know what I want to hear .
No , I do n't .
You played it for her and you can play it for me .
Well , I do n't think I can remember it .
This sort of takes the sting out of being occupied , does n't it , Mr. Richard ?
You said it ! Here 's looking at you , kid .
And getting closer every minute . Here . Drink up . We 'll never finish the other three .
The Germans 'll be here pretty soon now , and they 'll come looking for you . And do n't forget there 's a price on your head .
Where is she ? Have you seen her ?
No , Mr. Richard . I ca n't find her .
Okay look , I know you 're tired , I know you 're thirsty , but give it one more shot , you 've just got to do a little more .
Do too much , I 'll die .
If they ca n't see you , what 's the point ?
Survive today , that 's the point .
Polaris , where are you ? Maybe I 'm too far south .
You do n't know where you are . You missed the shipping lanes .
You fucking bleeding heart , you kill or you die .
Why do they have to die for me ?
Look , just slip off the raft . The ocean would feel so good , the water 's so soft and warm . Take a little swim . Sleep .
You quitter you quitter you quitter .
The sea is lovely , dark and deep .
But I have promises to keep . And miles to go before I sleep . And miles to go before I sleep . Got to fix the sea anchor . Use the sail .
That 's death knocking , knocking on your door . Crazy little woman come knocking , knocking at my front door
Grow up , stop being such a baby . Other people get through a lot worse .
What are you smiling about ? They 'll be back .
I 'm dancing on the roof of the Peabody Hotel . With Kelly .
I float . You sink . End of story .
I 'm serious . I 'm always going on about me , me , me . Enough about me . Your turn .
What did it matter if FedEx was five minutes late one day ? The next day we just start over again .
It matters . We do the best we can , that 's all we have .
You came on a bicycle ? No wonder it 's so late .
There was an unavoidable delay .
Hmm . Feels like it might have gotten wet .
Possible . So you did those wings ?
Our apologies that it never made it to the recipient .
He was a sorry sonofabitch , and I 'm sorry I ever married him .
I ca n't believe this . I I They are You 're a gifted artist . You 're into something very powerful . Primal . Truly .
Well , not really , I
To tell you the truth you did .
Do you have any more packages to deliver ?
No . that was the last one .
Just sit here , I 'll get us some lunch .
Did you really steal a crippled kid 's bicycle to make your deliveries , or is that just some bullshit story ?
I did n't steal it , and he was n't crippled .
What brings you out to the sticks ?
Had a package to deliver .
My last chapter 's in there , and the damn machine 's jammed .
Let 's take a look .
Got to follow the paper path here .
Chuck , forget the Xerox . So Russia did n't turn out well ?
Ah , the staff meeting could have gone better .
Let me guess , Russia came up ?
I ca n't even keep fish alive .
A puppy 's got a little more personality than a fish .
I have to go . I 'm on call for overflow down at the Hub .
A ring . I wanted a ring .
Look , I love the puppy . I love you . But I have to go .
You ca n't go now .
I 'm sorry about the presents . I got a little carried away .
No , it was great . Maybe a little overkill
Why did n't you come over , get mad at me , tell me what a stupid bitch I was .
I guess I had n't thought through how I felt .
Chuck , you 're breaking my heart .
A week , max . Okay ? Okay ?
I 'm sorry I 'm sorry
Hey hey it 's okay !
Right back , you said you 'd be right back .
A few things came up . Or went down .
If I 'd known you were alive
I would have done the same thing .
All that time I waited to go on a cruise , and you went without me .
Yeah , well could n't be helped .
The tide came in , the tide went out . I survived . That 's the headline . I survived .
Do n't overwhelm me with the details . You know how I hate that .
So simple to say , so hard to do .
Not when you have no choice .
You hated being alone . Could n't stand it . Busy every minute . Always plugged into something .
I did n't know what really being alone was . No one back here does .
I 've got to get back to Memphis . Hannah 's babysitter has finals .
It means a lot that you came .
Sorry sorry Why do my joints still ache ?
Dehydration . Vitamin deficiency . Protein deficiency . Any or all of the above .
All I ate was fish . That 's solid protein .
Protein digestion is very costly in water usage .
I used to drive one of those . A long time ago .
Hey , once a driver , always a driver . You want a lift ? I 've just got one more pickup .
It seemed like she had such a good time last time .
It 's nothing you did , Mom , believe me .
Look , I help take care of the place . You got my check , did n't you Mom ?
That new roof , that 's your doing .
Mom , this is a farm . We 've got real strawberries growing outside , we 've got real cream .
Oh no , the prodigal son 's home . We bring out the store bought .
Maybe I should take a few days off . Roger 's working now , you could use some help around here
Do n't you even think about it .
Doing great , Mom , do n't worry about me .
There 's settled folks , and there 's nomads . You 're just not a settled folk . You never belonged here .
I 've got all this back pay coming . Why do n't you let me get you a place in town ?
This is my home . I 'm part of the wallpaper .
What a journey you 've had . It seems more than a person should have to bear .
The tide saved me , Mom . I lived by it . I 'm just wondering where it will take me next .
What do you expect , from the guy who stole a kid 's bicycle when his truck broke down ?
Borrowed . I borrowed it .
I checked the weather , you had the jet stream , you could have made it up .
But I might not have .
Every person counts , every package counts , that 's my point .
You know what your problem is ? You just see the packages in front of you . You do n't see the big picture .
That 's why you 're a gambling man .
That 's why I 'm running foreign and you 're not . That 's why you 're not married and I am .
A hundred rubles St. Petersburg hits 95 percent in a month .
Ninety five percent ? Just give me the money now .
Malaysia 's tanking . We 're meeting in ten in operations .
Right . Get me everything on Indonesia , New Guinea , all the way to Australia .
Must have taken a hell of a long time .
Time I had lots of .
When I first showed up , I thought you 'd lost your fucking marbles .
I never thought it would end . Then it did . It was so great to be saved , I could n't stop laughing .
I 'm serious . The burning bush , the big picture , the words in neon
What 's it all about ? It 's about being so thirsty you 'd crush a fish 's backbone to suck out the spinal fluid that 's what it 's about .
You want that delivered , we 'll deliver it . That 's what we do .
I need to do it .
May I ask , where are you bound ?
San Francisco . And you ?
I was dreaming about you . How beautiful you were !
You were n't dreaming about me .
He 'll need clothes some money
Let him try to make some money ! That 's part of seeing the world , is n't it ?
Oh , just stop it ! You knew this was going to happen . He 's a young man .
He 's still a boy out in the world , he 's still a boy .
You invented him ! You 've completely made his up !
Do n't you understand ? The board is going to replace me ! That 's what the new blood is for !
He sniffs that ether ! I 've seen him do it !
It 's because he 's too tired to sleep . He has to .
He smells like he could put you to sleep !
He 's a doctor , Buster doctors smell like ether .
You 're a doctor , Homer you do n't smell like ether .
I 'm not a doctor . I have n't been to medical school I have n't even been to high school !
But you 've studied with the old man for years !
I 'm not a doctor !
Yeah . But sometimes I wish I could meet mine , anyway .
What for , Buster ? What would you do if you met them ?
I think Mary Agnes could kill someone .
I doubt it . She 's just an
What are you going to tell the little ones ?
I 'll tell them Fuzzy was adopted .
Why would the little ones believe that anyone would adopt him ?
They 'll believe it because they want to believe it .
Daddy , it 's a letter to me .
He mentions Homer , too , you know .
I 'm a little worried about the about how much bleeding is okay .
It should taper off tomorrow , but it can come back again . You have cramps ? They 'll ease up , almost entirely . As long as the bleeding is n't heavy , it 's normal .
I guess I 'll see you around the orchards . Thanks for everything .
Sure I 'll see you around .
People watched the movies in their cars ?
When they watched at all . Do you like movies ?
You 've seen only one movie ? Which one ?
King Kong . It 's really good .
But you looked as if you liked it .
I did like it . All I said was , It 's not 'King Kong ' .
First she loved him , then she did n't , then no one else could have him
She did love him ! How many women have you known ?
And what did she die of , exactly ?
She was torn apart ! She died of a broken heart .
You 're a natural . You were born to drive a car like this .
You think ? Maybe I was . I love this place !
The screen is enormous ! Imagine King Kong up there ! Have you seen a lot of movies here ?
Yes and no . When you come here , you do n't really care about the movie .
How could you not care about the movie ?
You just cuddle . You come to hug to kiss . You do n't come here to watch the movie .
That 's what I 'd come here for . I 'd watch the movie .
Not with the right girl you would n't .
Are n't you worried that people will cut their feet ?
Nobody will swim here until next summer . By then , the water will have rubbed the glass smooth against the sand there wo n't be any sharp edges .
Olive told me . You might have told me yourself .
I 'm just waiting and seeing . Like you said .
Do you think I 'm having a good time ? Do you think I 'm just teasing you ? Do you think I know whether I want you or Wally ?
So we should wait and see . For how long ?
I grew up with Wally . I began my adult life with him .
Fine . That 's all there is to it then .
No ! That 's not all there is to it ! I love you , too I know I do .
Okay , okay I know you do , too .
We should take her to St . Cloud 's . That much is obvious , is n't it ? Let her make up her mind when she gets there
I told her ! She does n't feel she can do that . Something about her father not letting her go anywhere
She wo n't go to St . Cloud 's !
Well , we ca n't force her . It 's her decision .
Is n't that like waiting and seeing ?
No . Nothing is nothing . I want Wally to come home . I 'm afraid to see him , too .
Please do n't move , do n't go anywhere .
Go anywhere ? Of course not ! That would be doing something , would n't it ? We would n't want to do something . Let 's just sit here all night !
Stop it ! Just cut it out !
You got up ! You did something ! If you keep this up , you might be in danger of making a decision !
He 's alive . He still loves you . So do I .
What do you want me to do ?
Please do n't make me say it again .
No , that 's not it I just want to be sure I understand you .
And now that Wally 's coming back , and because he 'll certainly need you
You say that as though it 's some awful thing ! I never stopped loving Wally !
Do you think she 'll be all right ?
She knows how to take care of herself .
I know you do n't think much of being needed , or of me for that matter
I 'm sorry for what I said about Wally needing you . It was unnecessary .
No , I 'm the one who should be sorry . You have every right to be angry .
No . You warned me . I did n't listen , but you warned me .
I 've got some more clothes for you I just keep forgetting to bring them with me .
I do n't need no more clothes , thank you .
I know where you can go . Homer and I can take you
I ca n't go nowhere .
You can trust me . Is it Jack ? It 's not Jack , is it ? It 's Muddy ! Is it Muddy ?
No . It ai n't Muddy . Muddy 's just
So many children . Are they all orphans ?
Well , this is an orphanage .
I 'm okay I can walk .
I do n't want you to walk I want to carry you . Should I put the top up ? It might get cold .
You said , Apples are n't exactly flying .
Well , they are n't .
There ! You said it was boring .
Well , picking them is ! It 's about as exciting as walking !
I was just showing Homer the orchards kind of a geography lesson .
I know what you 've been doing .
You 've been giving him a flying lesson !
He loved it ! Did n't you ?
He thinks people like to get whacked by branches .
Homer liked it ! Did n't you ?
You 're one of the best , Curly we could n't let just anyone take you .
Dr. Larch would n't let just anyone take any of us !
Her temperature is a hundred and four .
How old are you , dear ? Thirteen ?
You mean they 'll replace you with someone who wo n't perform abortions .
Well , we can only guess about that , Edna . They are against the law .
So here is my candidate . What do you think ?
But what about school records ? Homer does n't have any diplomas
Or that he ca n't be bothered to write us a proper letter ? A dissertation on apples , we do n't need !
He probably does n't make much money picking apples he must have had to pay to send them , too .
Homer does n't King Kong think the woman is his mother ?
Uh , sure that 's what Kong thinks , all right .
I was a posthumous child . My father 's eyes had closed upon the light of this world six months , when mine opened on it .
His father 's dead , right ?
Do n't get too excited , Fuzzy .
Why ca n't we have pumpkins for Christmas , too ? We do n't get any good presents at Christmas , anyway .
It looks like you bit it it 'll be all right .
Maybe I was kissing someone and he bit me .
No , you did it yourself . Maybe in your sleep .
I must have been dreaming of kissing someone .
I 'm sorry . They 're not used to seeing a car like this .
It 's okay I do n't mind .
So , now , uh you 're not I mean , do you do the
No . Dr. Larch will be performing the procedure .
They would n't take me . I 'm Class IV I 've got a heart defect .
Really ! Is it serious ?
Has anyone offered you anything to eat ?
Actually , someone did . I just did n't think I could eat anything .
I wonder if you might give me a ride .
Sure ! Be glad to ! Uh a ride where ?
No , I 'm not . I need a job .
The only jobs are picking jobs . Picking apples is truly boring .
This is all normal . Do n't worry . The abortion procedure it affects you . It 's the ether , too . It 'll take a little time .
I do n't have any time . There 's a war !
Burma run because you fly over Burma
And over the Himalayas . That 's called flying over the hump .
Uh , look if you 're serious about wanting a job , picking apples is n't that boring .
Oh , I would love that , Wally .
You 're the one who 's helping me , Homer . You 're going to give my mom a little peace of mind while I 'm gone . Candy , too .
Well , sure that 's good , then . All I mean is , I 'm lucky I met you .
So . What should I do now ?
Out back , there 's a shed . It 's just a mess . If that shed was better organized , I could put my truck in there .
Are we supposed to be up here ? The rules said
Homer , you the only one who 's read them rules , so you the only one who feels like he 's doin ' somethin ' wrong .
Slow down , Homer do n't be in such a big hurry .
This is easy I 'm not hurrying .
I think you been stayin ' up too late at night , Homer .
You 're actually having sex with your own little girl ? Is that possible ?
Ai n't nobody havin ' sex with my little girl , Homer that 's somethin ' a father knows .
You 're lying . How can you with your own daughter !
Homer , do n't you know what business you in ? You do n't wan na go into no business with me , Homer ai n't that right ?
Go on , cut my clothes . I 've got other clothes .
Please listen to me ! Both of you
You forget yourself , Homer . This here 's my daughter ! You got your own mess to deal with ai n't that right ?
What business is you in , Homer ?
Mr. Rose , I 'm in the doctor business . If you want , I can help you . You do n't have to go anywhere .
I presume you 'd prefer handling the delivery .
All I said was , I do n't want to perform abortions . I have no argument with you performing them .
You know how to help these women how can you not feel obligated to help them when they ca n't get help anywhere else ?
One : it 's illegal . Two : I did n't ask how to do it you just showed me .
If you take enough of it , your intestines lose their ability to absorb Vitamin C .
In other words , scurvy .
I have n't , either . But you will . The morons who write the books should do a little research here .
But is n't Fuzzy just well , underdeveloped ?
Henceforth you shall be Little Wilbur .
I 'm not crazy about the Little
Okay , he 's just a Wilbur then .
We have n't had a Wilbur here in a year or so , have we ? We used to have dozens !
I thought you took care of this . It always breaks in the same place . It 's your splice , is n't it ?
It 's your splice ! You blame me for everything !
How about expecting people to be responsible enough to control themselves to begin with ?
How about this child ? You expect her to be responsible ?
It 's just a marvel to me that you still have such high expectations of people .
I 'm happy I amuse you .
Try to look at it this way . What choice does Buster have ? What are his options ? Nobody will ever adopt him .
Try to look at it this way . Buster and I are sitting right here beside you . We could have ended up in the incinerator !
Doubtless you 'll let me know what immensely worthwhile or at least useful thing it is that you find to do .
I was n't intending to leave here in order to be entirely useless I expect I 'll find some ways to be of use .
I do n't need this I know all about my condition .
It 's your heart you ought to take it with you .
What I mean is I would like it very much if you thought you could be happy here , Homer .
Mrs. Worthington , I feel I 'm very lucky to be here .
I think Wally will be fine , Mrs. Worthington he seems indestructible to me .
I do n't know . Just promise me one thing .
Do n't mess in this , Homer , if you know what 's good for you .
How long 's this been going on , Muddy ?
One : Please do n't smoke in bed .
We heard that one already , Homer .
Thanks , guys I 'd like to go with you . But I 've got to move on .
Yeah , well you could move on with us , man ! You could move on somewhere warm !
Give men that . I know how to do it .
Oh , I suppose you are a doctor , Homer ?
You 're not yet three months , are you ?
Not yet . What do you know about it ?
I know more than I want to know about it . Who 's the father ?
Do n't trouble yourself about it , Homer this ai n't your business .
But you do n't look very happy .
Happy ! What are you thinkin ' ? How am I supposed to take care of a baby ! I ca n't have a baby .
What I mean is , if you do n't want to keep the baby , I know a place where you can go .
You think Daddy 's gon na let me go anywhere ? I ai n't going nowhere .
Why do n't you just go back to your pickin ' , Homer ? I can take care of it myself !
Rose , listen do n't do anything . You know , I mean to yourself . Please listen
Shit . We do n't know what he is .
Jack , you got ta watch your language 'round my daughter .
That just ai n't right , Jack your cigarette 's gon na end up in nine or ten gallons of this batch of cider ! That ai n't right .
Them people drinkin ' that cider , they do n't know there 's a cigarette in there !
It 's not that hard to find it in there , Jack it 'll take you just a minute . You just got ta go fishin ' .
You mean swimmin ' . I ai n't goin ' in that vat to fish out no cigarette !
I fail to see how a little Christianity could hurt anyone here !
Anyway , I was just showing you this guy as an example of what 's available I did n't think you 'd be interested .
They told me I was too old to serve .
They told Muddy his feet was too flat !
Ai n't you gon na see what it is , Homer ?
Mind your own business , Peaches .
You all take care of yourself , too , Homer !
We see you next harvest .
Do n't this place look like home ?
It look nicer then home !
You pickin ' nothin ' but cider apples , Peaches I hope you understand that .
They ai n't drops I picked 'em off the tree !
Do n't let us make you nervous or nothin ' we know you got ta job to do .
Yeah , we can wait all night for the water to come back on you just go on and take your time .
It 's that Vernon he keeps askin ' where you and Homer and Rose Rose is at .
Tell that Vernon to mind his own business , Muddy .
I told him that you all is sick .
Tell him what you want , Muddy you are the crew boss today .
That what happen you lost you only daughter so 's you killed yourself ! That 's what we say , all right .
That 's right . I know you understand how I feel , Homer you are breakin ' them rules , too . Ai n't that right ?
Daddy , I 'd like to be in that Wally 's shoes every night .
You lucky you in your work boots tonight , girl
That sounds like you are in trouble already , Homer .
That 's right that sounds like trouble to me .
We should drown that damn Jack in the vat !
Now , now , darlin ' Jack just needs to know what business he 's in .
Yeah , you really showed him , Daddy you just about cut your own hand off , and all you cut off him was his clothes !
You oughta know you do n't go to jail for cuttin ' a guy 's clothes . Ai n't that right , Homer ?
Now , now , Jack that just ai n't right .
You just stay out of trouble , Homer !
Where do you think you 're going ?
You got ta let me go , Daddy . Please
You ai n't goin ' nowhere in the middle of the night , girl !
I ai n't your business no more , Daddy . Please let me go .
You just go inside , Homer . We do n't need no help .
That 's right , Homer . This ai n't your business .
That Candy she 's the nicest girl I know !
She 's about the most beautiful girl I ever seen I do n't know if she 's the nicest .
You 're lucky he did n't cut your nipples off , man .
The good news , Jack , is you 're half-undressed for swimmin '
You ever see a palm tree , Homer ?
He ai n't never been outta Maine !
But I 'm not that late . You did n't have to give away my seat .
I was n't sure if you 'd make it .
Brutal day . They say the streets are lined with money down here , but I guess you have to know the secret handshake . What are you drinking ?
Uh , Maker 's Mark . Rocks .
My name 's Grant . Grant Ashby .
Oh god . I 'm overbearing and rude . Lily . Lily Finn .
So we 've been meeting with banks all day . It 's amazing how many ways they can say no without ever using the word .
Well , typically , corporate loans are relatively simple matters , but you do need to demonstrate a capacity for gross fund recovery .
Do n't tell me you started a tech firm here before us .
No , no . Nothing like that . I work in a bank .
Oh . Well , thanks for the drink .
You 're welcome . I was just going to ask you if you 'd like to join us .
Uh , right And that was it . That 's when we decided to start our own business . No more shithead bosses .
I envy you guys . Taking a chance like that .
What do you do over at your bank , Grant ?
What do I do ? I 'm the VP of Finance .
Here 's where a little research comes in handy . Corporate banks give out VP titles like calendars . It 's a small lie , but now we 're sure he 's playing .
Maybe you can help us understand what 's so hard about getting a corporate loan .
Well , typically speaking , they 're not . As long as you can demonstrate
A capacity for gross fund recovery . Yeah , we got that part .
Listen , what I 'm about to tell you , I 'm telling you in confidence , okay ? Have you ever heard of a company called Big.Com ?
Big.Com . That Internet thing .
Same thing with playing a con . You have to be able to see that deep .
Jake ? Right . Uh-huh Uh-huh Yeah , it 's going through
Hey , Jake When am I gon na get to play the Inside ?
Gordo plays the inside . You 're the Shill .
And I think it 's because of this redhead
Know who I am , Jake ?
Things are probably going to end badly for you , Jake .
Gee What makes you say that ?
I 'm not saying anything . Besides , you 're one to talk . You 're the one who 's got me on my knees in a dark alley .
And these cops ? What do they get ?
Keep going . I want to know how you got Lionel Dolby .
So you want to know how to play the Big Con .
I can see why you liked her .
That was it . We had our crew . Now we needed the Mark .
Is that what it was , Jake ? Was it love ?
You know when the first con was ever played ? It was when Adam fell for Eve in the Garden of Eden .
So much for honor among thieves . You would have cut loose your friends , your girl
I was doing it for them .
Alrlght , alrlght . What happened today ?
Today ? Started off great
Alright Turn around . She does n't get shit , unless I get that money . Where is it ?
Probably safe in the hands of the Federal Government .
Oh , Jake . You disappoint me . And you just let Lily here down again . What was it you said about playing the big con ?
It 's like putting on a play , where everyone knows their part except for the mark .
Independent . Same shit , just independent . They call him the King Pin because he looks like that guy from the comic book Big . Fat . Bald .
So what ? We hide , right ?
Fuck that . We 're going too .
Alright , let 's all put our dicks back in our pants for a second . Is this the best thing to do ?
This might just be me , but that is hands down , the dumbest fucking idea I 've ever heard .
People have tried this before , Jake . It 's never worked . Teddy Fraiser and his crew went on vacation in Chicago for it . Last year , Mumps got pinched in L.A .
The red hair It 's bad luck .
It 's not like she 's a real redhead , Jake
Poor bastard never knew what hit him . Jesus , I almost felt sorry for the guy .
I got ta work off some of this adrenaline . I got a line on this Pawn Shop guy over in Brooklyn . Anybody want in ?
That 's it ? What are you talking about ? We can still do this !
Jake , I mean , come on
What ? I can feel you looking at me .
That 's a lot of cash . He came up with it pretty quick .
It can buy you a new and better you .
I just do n't know if this says , me . What 's the fabric ?
You know what we 're doing with the money .
And what about Big Al ?
You got ta be kidding me . Her ?
Yes , her . Where 's my wallet ?
We only owe the King a hundred and fifty .
We get fifty percent . And we get clear of the King .
We 're going to make it back , Grant . Three or four times over .
And all you need to do for your ten percent is put some paperwork through and push a button tomorrow .
You ever use the bathroom in Kennedy ?
What ? No . Use the bathroom on the plane !
Grifter huh ? Where have you been on the grift ? Could n't been here long 'cause I would have heard of you , Skippy .
Jake . You can call me Jake . Here and there .
I guess it lacks a certain style .
Of course , your line of work 's only as good as the people you find .
You ca n't cheat an honest man .
You ca n't cheat an honest man . But a man like Lionel Dolby
Honest mistake . Just give me the money back and all will be forgiven .
I ca n't do that .
Buddy , that was business . Besides , you have more crew . Then there 's you
I 'll get the money back , plus interest . I go on the grift for you . You get a cat , I get a cut . And we get square .
What do you need from me ? Permission ? Go ! If you can fleece him for two million , then do it , Kid .
I need you to stake me .
That 's more than you already owe me . What happens if you fuck this up ?
Nothing ventured , nothing gained .
Look at you , you skinny prick .
You 're not going to bust out baby oil and start rubbing me down or anything , are you ?
That tip not work-out for you fellas ?
Tip was fine , Jake . We were a little more curious about the Fed .
Special Agent Gunther Moonan . Ring a bell ?
Gunther ? I think I 'd remember a Gunther .
Kennedy . International terminal . Gordo with a black suitcase . You got Moonan under control ?
Do n't worry about Moonan . We got him covered . When ? It was him . There 's a shipment coming through tonight . Kennedy .
Of course . Jake . Nice to see you .
Well , it certainly is a coincidence . Here of all places ! How is Mrs. Lewis ?
What brings you down from Boston , Jake ? Taking advantage of the long weekend ?
My wife and I are just taking a little vacation .
We have work . It pays a lot . Unless you figure on getting rich lifting wallets while old guys feel you up .
Oooh . Sassy . What do you care who feels me up , Jake ? Unless it kinda gotcha going . Did it , Jake ? Getcha going ?
Alright ! Hold up . You win . You got the job .
Gee thanks . Now I do n't have to find that bridge to jump off .
We had to see what your deal was . I 'm just a little superstitious .
Here 's my deal Do n't waste my time . What do you want me for anyway ? You do n't even know me .
Hey , I 'm not just along for the ride , so I do n't want to hear any bullshit later about a smaller cut .
Take a deep breath . You sound like you just broke up with your boyfriend or something .
You told me to change my hair !
What about this ? Do you have any idea what this means ? You 've killed us . We 're dead !
We 're getting down to the wire . Apparently another company has a similar product in R & D right now . If they beat us to it
Off the record , I 'm this close to cutting someone in on the action if it 'd help .
Look at you You want to go .
For what ? A couple hundred bucks ?
I think you 'd do it for free . You 're almost drooling . You like the rush .
It 's what I do . It 's my job .
Why ? Your mother not breast feed you or something ?
Are you asking me if I have something to prove ?
Whatever . But you I get the feeling you could have bullshitted your way into anything . So why this ?
I 'm good at it . Lying , cheating , manipulating I 'm good at it .
So that was my part ? Smile and shake my ass ?
No . You have another part ? You 'll know what to do .
You have really soft hands . Like a baby 's .
Do n't ruin this for me .
We were friends . I trusted him . I should have known it was weird . But , then again I was weird .
You guys got busted . This is a great neck .
No . You trusted him You were just getting square .
You know why I told you that , Jake ? Because I trust you too .
You are such a raving pussy sometimes .
Hey , we fucked once , honey . That hardly makes you a good judge of character . And do n't think I did n't know you were working some angle with that either .
So there it is . You got that big itch you need to scratch . It 's all about the fucking money . What do you want , an apology ?
No , I want my cut !
What do you get , Lily ? Finder 's Fee ? Because it is all about the money , right ?
You sold me out . You should have trusted me like I trusted you . You fucked up . You fucked up HUGE .
You tell them the Tale .
What do you want ? An apology ?
Do we want insurance ? I 'm just asking
Just mail it to the hospital . Mr. King , please . It 's regarding an accounting problem . Yes Correct I know where it is . That will be fine . Thank you .
You better hurry . The police will be here any second . I do n't really understand my motivation with this . Why am I washing glasses ?
Now you 're an accomplice in a homicide . Everything you thought you were in control of just flew out the window or is dripping down your leg .
No . Big con . One rag . One rag and we get out from under all this . But we need another Shill .
What do we need another Shill for ?
Then what do you want to do , Miles ? Run ?
We never had a problem with that before .
We 're getting a little old for running .
Yeah , well we 're still a little young for Albany State Prison . Are you pissed about Al ? I 'm pissed too , but I 'm not like twenty-five to life pissed .
But if you wan na talk about bad luck
Where the hell is she ?
Feeling lucky today , Miles . Found a penny Heads up . There was an empty cab right outside my building . We hit every green light .
And we got rid of the red head .
Excuse me ? I believe you 're holding something far me under Pearson .
Do you have a ticket ?
I 'm sorry . Nothing under Pearson .
You 're sure ? This is Just a complete disaster .
A ring for my wife . A lot like that one . In fact , it was that one .
That 's no problem . We have those in stock .
When this is all over , you 're going to tell me who the King put on Al .
You going to have the time ?
King ai n't gon na like this .
Do n't worry , I 'll settle up with your boss . We have n't skipped town yet .
Can I speak to you in confidence ?
Huh ? Oh . She 's alright .
Coupla things . They got this Fed looking around and the girl just split .
A Fed ? Is he close ?
So do half the other people in this place . How do I know which one ?
I got it figured out He 's got this thing with bathrooms . If he makes it through Customs , he 'll be heading for the john .
If you Feds are so hot for him , why do n't we just bring him in right now ?
I want him for something big and to do that , we have to catch him in the act .
Like we told you before , we think he 's into something with the King Pin
Look , I 'm not a confrontational person by nature .
Good I got ta go . So , what do you have for me ?
Whaddya mean ? We got dick .
Hope so . Those fucking orthodontist bills are killing me . One fifty every time they tighten those bitches up . One fifty ! It 's not even covered .
It 's cosmetic . They do n't cover cosmetic . Last year I had a tooth capped . The dentist tells me I 'm not covered for caps . It 's cosmetic .
Bullshit it 's cosmetic ! My fucking tooth was cracked in half . I made the son of a bitch write it in as a cavity . The department 's dental is for shit .
Whoa , whoa There he is .
Can you ? I 'm happy being a dealer . At least the punters keep their hands to themselves .
You called the casino a cesspit .
You fucking little shit ! You shopped me .
What are you talking about ?
Reynolds got a doctor in . They forced me to take a dope test . It was positive . As you knew .
I do n't know anything about it .
What are you laughing at ? Who was that on the phone ?
A couple I know are getting married .
What kind of deal you looking to ?
What 's the Blue Book price ?
I thought it was you . It 's the hair !
I 'm working on that soccer story .
How 's that football story corning along ?
You said it was going to be social , Giles . No business .
You should n't have done that . I know what it meant to you .
I owe you for the rent . It 's only a car . I can get another .
Take it back . Till you sell your book .
Come on , Marion . Let 's face the truth . Nobody 's going to publish it .
In a casino . As a croupier . A dealer .
How did you land that ?
It came my way . 450 a week .
450 ? What did you do , just walked in and said I want to be a croupier ? Do n't you need training ?
I had training . In the Republic .
You were a croupier there ? You never told me that . I thought you just knew some gamblers .
You sold the car . You got a job . What 's the third thing ? Tell me .
There 's no third thing . Do n't be superstitious .
Are you trying to read my palm ?
You 've got such beautiful hands .
You 're shaking . What is it ?
Tension . It 'll go .
When you get home , I 'm asleep . When I leave home , you 're asleep .
I 'll see you in my dreams .
Where 've you been ? I 've got to give evidence in court at nine .
Do n't play the cop with me , Marion .
Take that back ! Fucking take that back . I 'm not a cop any more .
I take it back . You 're not a cop any more . You 're a store detective .
This fucking job 's getting to you . You have n't written a fucking word since you started .
Do you have to swear all the time ?
What are you doing here ? You know the rules .
What about a drink on the way home ?
I do n't finish till eight . Make it nine and you 're on .
I 'm on at nine .
I do n't like it at all . You had a wonderful character before , the Gambler . He was so romantic .
He was a loser . This guy 's a croupier . He ca n't lose . People have shat on him all his life . Now he 's in control . He 's a winner .
Are n't you ever tempted to gamble ?
Never . Why do you ask ?
I can just imagine , being around so much money all the time
Gambling 's not about money .
How did you know I was here ?
I thought you would n't want to spend Christmas Day alone in here .
I do n't want a criminal for a boyfriend .
There was a message , was n't there ?
It 's probably easier for you to eat the rice .
Marion ! What did you tell the police ?
For Christ 's sake , Jacko , do n't look a gift horse in the mouth . Have you written that name down ? Reynolds , at the Golden Lion .
All right , dad . Yes , I 'll call him .
So how are you doing , dad ?
Great . I 've just started a new company . Solid financing . It 's good . I love you Jacko , you know that
It 's against the rules . Dealers are forbidden to talk to punters .
That 's stupid . What are the odds of you being seen with me ?
I 'm not much of a gambler really . I just like this bar .
So why did you come to my casino ?
And the lies . Gamblers are born liars .
And superstitious too . It 's like witchcraft .
That 's Africa . There 's an African in all of us , is n't there ?
We all came from Africa , supposedly .
That trick tonight , I do n't think I 've ever seen that before .
It can only work with amateurs , A pro would have spotted it .
I know that . But you can now .
I do n't have any money . switches on the light . JANI is looking distressed .
My creditors . One night , around three in the morning , they 'll come into the casino -
Forget it , Jani . It 'll never work .
The point is , they want a man inside .
And I thought you were a bright woman .
And I thought you were only after my body .
I 've come to know you . You 're honest . I trust you .
I want to go back to Cape Town , I want to start again , clean .
I ca n't do it , Jani .
Did they tell you to sleep with me ?
I told you , all bets are off .
It does n't seem fair . You 're offering me ten grand in cash but you ca n't afford a decent place .
Well , life 's not fair . We know that .
I do n't think we should meet again .
It 's a shame there are n't more men in the world like you .
I 'm a witch . A white witch . Why do n't we move on ?
Are you going to put a spell on me ?
Nice car . How much did you pay for it ?
Too much . Eighteen hundred .
Coming up to two years now . But I was away for six months .
You 've done pretty well .
I 'm off to a little watering hole . Why do n't you join me ? Relax .
No thanks , Matt . I need my eight hours .
I do n't get you . Even if it was true , which it is n't , what the fuck difference would it make to you ?
Because if a supervisor knew I 'd seen you and I had n't reported it , I 'd lose my job as well . And I ca n't afford that .
Vodka . Straight . On the rocks .
Good call . Help yourself .
I 'm off . I need to sleep .
Loosen up , Jack . If you do n't , this job 'll get to you . The pressure 's too much , believe me , it 'll break you .
What ? You know what happened to me , do n't you ? That bitch Bella shopped me . I 'd like to beat the shit out of her .
I 'd like to buy you a drink .
I 'm sorry , sir , that 's a late bet .
What are you talking about ? It 's 11 , I 've won . With this lady .
You 've won with the two chips you placed earlier , but the third chip was a late bet .
I put them on together .
You do n't recognise me ? You had me barred . You fucking little worm .
Wait a minute . You got yourself barred .
I have to assume the serial numbers on the bowl and cylinder correspond .
We check every four days .
Why four ? And not three or five ?
It 's the procedure here . Now sort the chips .
Not with your own cloth . Besides , your pockets will be stitched .
What happens if I want to sneeze ?
This is n't South Africa . We 'd know , because someone would report it . Believe me , someone always does .
Does know ? Or does report ? What would happen if I knew something like that and did n't report it ?
Why do n't you take a break , Jack .
All right , Mr Reynolds .
I have a reduced drive reading of seven thousand .
Right , that checks out here .
Ninety seven million , minus eight , corrected to mass critical .
I read that with a quantum increase of seven .
The one on unit oh , I think it 's GMR twelve zero zero .
Oh . What 's wrong now ?
I 'm not sure . I think something is fucked up somewhere in the ship , though .
I hope it 's not the oven again .
Where is it ? What did you do with it ?
I do n't have it . I do n't know where it is .
The key , goddamit , the key !
Christ , twenty seconds , Christ !
We 've got to disarm the bomb .
Doolittle , are you there ?
What was that , I did n't hear
It 's Talby . He 's drifting away from the ship without his jetpack .
Well now what ? What do , you have for us now . Boiler ?
Not much . Nothing at all in this sector .
Hey , Doolittle , here 's one . An unstable planet . 85 % probability of an unstable planet in the Veil Nebula that will probably go off its orbit and hit a star .
Sounds good . Chart a course for the Veil Nebula .
Why does n't Talby ever eat down here with the rest of us ?
He just likes it up in the dome , that 's all .
Talby , Talby , can you read me ?
Can you beat that ? I always knew Talby was weird .
Swell . Let 's synchronize detonation time . Do you know when you 're supposed to go off ?
Detonation in six minutes , twenty seconds .
Fail safe in lock . Four minutes to drop , 22 minutes to detonation . This is Sergeant Pinback calling Bomb # 20 . Do you read me , bomb ?
Bomb # 20 to Sergeant Pinback . Roger , I read you , continue .
But you ca n't explode in the bomb bay . It 's foolish . You 'll kill us all . There 's no reason for it .
I am programmed to detonate in nine minutes . Detonation will occur at the programmed time .
This is Lieutenant Doolittle calling Bomb # 20 . I repeat previous order , you are to disarm yourself and return immediately to the bomb bay . Do you understand ?
I am programmed to detonate in fourteen minutes thirty seconds . Detonation will occur at the programmed time .
Bomb , this is Doolittle . You are not to detonate , repeat , you are not to detonate in the bomb bay . Disarm yourself . This is an order .
I read you , Lieutenant Doolittle , but I am programmed to detonate in fourteen minutes . Detonation will occur at the programmed time .
Are you willing to entertain a few concepts ?
I am always receptive to suggestions .
Hmm Well , I think , therefore I am .
That 's good . Very good . Now then , how do you know that anything else exists ?
Why do n't you have more time ?
Because I must detonate in seventy- five seconds .
Now , bomb , consider this next question , very carefully . What is your one purpose in life ?
To explode , of course .
So you have no absolute proof that Sergeant Pinback ordered you to detonate .
I recall distinctly the detonation order . My memory is good on matters like these .
Yeah . Eight , it says here .
Any of 'em any good ?
The new star . What are you gon na name it ?
Who cares . Do n't bother me .
Hello , Pinback , are you there ?
Yeah , Doolittle . What 's up ?
You know , Talby , you really ought to eat with the rest of us . You spend too much time up here .
I like it up here .
Must get lonely being up here so much .
I do n't like to go below since Commander Powell died . I feel enclosed down there . If it were big enough , I 'd sleep up here
You know what I think about , Talby ?
I 'm getting something here , on this readout
It 's funny , but I kind of sit around , you know , a lot of time to myself
I think I 'm getting a malfunction here somewhere .
Ah , Doolittle , I do have a malfunction on this readout , but I ca n't seem to pinpoint exactly where it is .
Do n't worry about it . We 'll find out when it goes bad .
I really think I should try and locate it immediately . Might be something important .
I wish I had my board with me now . Even if I could only polish it once in awhile .
Lieutenant Doolittle , this is Talby . Lieutenant ?
Yes , Talby , what is it ?
Doolittle , Doolittle , where are you ?
Here I am . I think I 'm spinning We 're both falling , Talby , in opposite directions , away from each other . My my jetpack 's gone .
Before we get too far away , and our signals start to fade , I just wanted to tell you you were my favorite . I really liked you , Doolittle .
I really liked you too , Talby . Hey , some debris from the ship ! It 's coming right by me .
Commander Powell , this is Doolittle . Ah , there 's something serious come up , sir , and I have to ask you something .
I 'm glad you 've come to talk with me , Doolittle . It 's been so long since anyone has come to talk with me .
Well , sir , the Dodgers broke up , disbanded over thirteen years ago .
Ah pity , pity
You do n't understand , sir , we ca n't get the bomb to drop .
Ah , so many malfunctions why do n't you have anything nice to tell me when you activate me ? Oh , well , did you try the azimuth clutch ?
What should we do , sir ? The time is running out .
Well , what you might try is
We 're running out of time , sir .
Oh , yes Well , Doolittle , if you ca n't get it to drop you 'll have to talk to it .
I already have , sir , and Pinback is talking to it now .
No , no , Doolittle , you talk to it . Teach it Phenomenology , Doolittle .
Men men what happened , men ?
Yeah , the skipper always was lucky .
Okay , okay . I can explain You ever have to do something you really do n't want to ?
How I make my living , what 's your point ?
Mr. Sonrisa saw you on the cameras . He wants you to come see him .
I 'm on a break .
Or we can work on your face with a pair of pliers for a couple of hours and you tell us where she is .
Or we could go another way 'cause your boss seems to like my face just the way it is .
Look , that thing about the pliers , I was just doing what the man pays me to do . Ya know ? Comin ' off hard .
Yeah , sure , I understand .
Man , you got a bad attitude .
I like to keep it professional , that 's all .
Fine . So call her . Get her over here .
Actually , that 's not gon na be necessary .
See what you do n't know is you 're already in the last two minutes of your life .
You 're in the last two seconds , you do n't cut the crap .
You can hardly blame him , the way you 've been taking care of business or should I say , not taking care of it .
What 're you talkin ' about ?
This is what your life 's worth , Bruno .
But the boss knows I always been loyal .
Ass like your , I can see why he 's worried you 'll punk .
What the hell are you doing ?
Some of us are trying to sleep .
You did n't tell me you lived with her .
How 're ya doin ' , Max .
You mean until you showed up ?
'Cause you went out the back door and nailed her girlfriend ? Who would take offense to that ?
Justine was not an unwilling participant .
Which is none of your business or mine .
It concerns only Jah . But , in this case , I was the instrument of the Most High .
What 're you lookin ' at me for ? I 'm not his next of kin . Anyway , I do n't got that kind of cash lyin ' around .
Theo rode for this place a long time , man .
Must think you 're pretty special laying this on you .
Thought so . Turned out he wanted me for something else though .
I should n't do this . But I got a client lookin ' to score some fire power . Maybe you 'll keep your eyes open for me .
I do n't get involved with guns .
I made you coffee . That oughta help you cope with the injustice of the world a little .
Thanks , it 's starting to kick in . I feel almost human .
What 's with you ? Every week this scumbag puts the squeeze on us and every week you roll out the welcome wagon like he 's family .
Just thought maybe he 'd like a little coffee with his saliva .
Oh my God ! In here ! IN HERE !
SHHH ! Do n't do that !
Your daughter 's the only leverage they have to keep you quiet .
Can you help me get her back ?
Goodnight Bears . Goodnight chairs . Goodnight kittens . Goodnight mittens . Goodnight clocks . And goodnight socks . Goodnight little house . And goodnight
I do n't want to move away .
I know , Honey , but just think how exiting it will be new house , new school , new friends
But why ca n't we stay here ?
Because we ca n't . There 's nothing here for us anymore .
Are we in some kind of trouble ?
Pretty much the same reasons I was crying . But things will be better when we move to a new place .
Then I 'm gon na do what you do to make me feel better when I 'm sad .
I 'm sorry if I caught you at a bad time .
We 're just a little tense right now It 's okay .
So , what , you liked it because it was shiny ?
No , because it 's the Egyptian goddess Bast .
So this guy walks into a bar and says
We did n't get a chance to finish our conversation the other night .
Am I s'posed to be flattered by all the attention ?
Now you know who I am , where I live . I figured I better find out who I 'm dealing with in case you were looking to hurt me .
How does Mrs . Eyes Only like being married to a guy on everybody 's hit list ?
Lauren 's not my wife .
Ever notice how cats always seem to turn up around dinner time ?
I wo n't be staying .
How do I know you did n't ?
So saw my hands off , I left you a present .
Whoa there , Tex ! We 've been through all this .
It 's alright , Peter , we 're fine .
I 'm sorry . It was n't my intention . But I had to see you .
You 'd think a guy who 's taken on the job of saving the world would have a few more important things to do than traipse around after some girl .
I have n't been able to get you off my mind .
You need to get out more .
Gold leaf , art nouveau , French , early nineteen hundreds I could probably fence this for three or four grand .
No , I meant this .
Not that I do n't enjoy a good urban legend now and then but what does any of this have to do with me ?
The bar code on your neck , Max . I know who you are and I know who you 're running from .
We got separated right away . I never knew how many made it .
How well do you remember the lab ?
I know they made me . Even got the label on my neck to prove it .
The technical term for you is chimera
Christmas is a snap when you got no parents or relatives , just a bunch of gene sequences from probably twenty different people .
Like extra virgin olive oil , the best of the best .
That 's low , but this effects me how exactly ?
She 's prepared to testify that she was instructed to do this by one of Edgar Sonrisa 's managers . You know who Sonrisa is ?
I did n't make it this far by attracting a lot of attention .
She 's put her life on the line , and her faith in me .
They 've lost track of me and I plan to keep it that way .
You 're a soldier , Max . That 's what you were put here for . But soldiers need a mission otherwise they tear themselves up .
I would 've come sooner , but I did n't How 're you doin ' ?
Not in any pain the good and bad news of a blown out spinal cord .
It turned up on the black market . One of my sources thought I might be interested .
I do n't know what to say .
You are involved . By being alive you 're involved .
We 're quoting Mom again .
Max something . I got no clue where she stays .
Any idea when she 'll be back ?
You said you knew where my fiance was the other night .
With me , where he 's been after work , three , sometimes four nights a week for the last two months We have what you might call an intimate relationship .
Look , I do n't know what you want
I thought it was important for you to know the facts .
Well , it 's over between you and him . We 're getting married next month .
How sweet . Standing by your man , even after what he did . You 're a very understanding person .
Big part of loving someone 's being able to forgive them .
You 're also a fool .
This is not a place you wan na go .
Let go of my hand .
Whoever tossed this place wants you . And I 'm looking to stay outta the line of fire .
How 's this about me ?
They lifted my wallet to make it look like a robbery . But there 's a bug in my computer keyboard , a tap on the phone and a mike in the light fixture .
Like you said , maybe somebody 's tracking one of your investigations .
I need a favor I need you to trace a number for me .
Sure you wan na be havin ' this conversation over the phone ?
At least he did n't swing with your ride .
No , but I broke a nail giving him a cranium crack and that just sort of wrecks your day , know what I 'm saying ?
Craps all over everything and everyone and then wants mommy to forgive him .
What guys do . 'Nother order .
You 're way more philosophical than I could ever be .
I just do n't go in with any expectations .
Tell me the truth . Am I a female fog bank ?
You 're not seriously buying into Darren 's nonsense .
If I knew what you were saying , I would n't be asking .
How long you and me known each other ?
Because you 're probably my closest friend in the whole world .
And back at ya . Only there 's a part of you that 's I do n't know
You 're actually gon na bail Sketchy out .
Yeah , 'cause maybe he 's learned his lesson .
Friends do n't help other friends cheat .
And because I actually kinda feel sorry for guys sometimes .
Yeah , I can see to it your winning streak continues .
I 'll bet you can . Sit .
Right after you change your wardrobe , your personality and drop about thirty pounds .
Quite a mouth on a girl so young but my guess is talking is not what it does best .
Only way you 're ever gon na find out is reincarnation Fact is , you are gon na pay me , and I am gon na provide you with a service .
I actually know how this works .
Can you put that in a bag or something ?
You get it when I get her .
It 's payday , need me to pick up your check ?
You 're the best , Maxie .
Probably a touch of what 's going around .
I know what I got , Max . They put me back on that drug they 're giving the other vets . Only the guy does those cable hacks says the stuff 's no good .
Do n't believe everything you hear on TV .
What if he 's on the level ?
Quitting time . Grab a cold one ?
I got ta meet Natalie for dinner .
Or do you think we 're just so grateful to have one of you idiots we 'll look the other way , which is arrogant and condescending .
Lame , self-serving , arrogant guilty as charged .
Here it comes . The part where the guy turns everything around .
I 'm the victim here .
Then a sympathetic mouth , then a sympathetic
She had me followed the other day and found out about Natalie . Now , this person 's demanding I blow her off or she 'll do it for me by telling Nat about us .
And Lydia telling Natalie the truth makes you a victim in what way ?
I 'm a toy to her .
Fight fire with fire . Threaten to go to her husband .
Who either does n't care , or could have me killed . Either way , Natalie 's still gon na find out .
What happens if you level with her ?
Even if she does n't dump me , which is unlikely , she 'd never be able to trust me again .
So you 're straight on how this is gon na go down .
You set up on Lydia . When she 's on her way over to the apartment you give me the heads up . I answer the door and pretend to be Natalie .
I just do n't want Natalie to ever find out . She deserves better .
How 'd you get her out of town ?
No , I 'm serious . That psycho got exactly what she deserved Yes .
Lydia may not have been one of humanity 's finer specimens but
She 's toxic monster in bed , but toxic .
You would be making a mistake to come away from this thinking she 's the villain in the piece You are .
You tell Theo he 's not in tomorrow he can start looking for another job .
I do n't know how to break this to you , Normal , we 're all looking for another job .
Right , well , thanks for the drinks and stuff , Amanda , but there 's no reason for me to stick around these parts anymore .
Do n't be so glum , Hawk . The night 's still young and filled with plenty of compensatory possibilities .
Well . Obviously no one you have to worry about Woody .
My name 's not Woody , it 's Haw-haw
No , I mean you love your son ?
More than anything in the world .
And he loves you back , does n't he ?
He 's a little spoiled , but I know he does .
You kidding ? This is Detroit . Drink ?
Yeah , a man 's drink
Sure , I have . But not one with ice in it , that 's all .
Save your money , stud muffin . The lady at the end of the bar sends her love .
Oh , Dicky , I c-c-ca n't
You 're not gon na chicken out on me now , are you ? We 've got your KISS song playing and everything .
I did n't mean for that to be so intense . Forgive me .
I do n't care . I wan na hear more .
I 've loved you ever since I first laid eyes on you , Jeremiah . I 've just always been too scared to show it .
Beth , I ca n't believe you just said that because that 's exactly how I 've always felt about you Call me Jam . It 's my band name .
Ann Arbor is n't that far from Cleveland , right ?
Nah . Once I get my own wheels , I could come up all the time .
I feel like such an idiot . Why did n't I just say something a year and a half ago ? Man , think of how much time we wasted .
Let 's not think about the past . Let 's just think about from today on . I 'll never forget you , Jam .
Tease ? What the hell did I do to tease you mongoloids ?
You got in the car , did n't you ?
What was that D.J . 's name again ?
Oh , I 'll remember it till the day I die . His name was Simpleton the Simian ? No , Samson Samoan No , simply , similar
Will somebody please tell those chicks disco is dead .
Stellas . I hate stellas almost as much as I hate dogs .
Yeah , she gives you shit and you take it .
Okay , enough . Enough . Gim me the tickets . I wan na hold onto them .
But but , St. Bernard 's is way the hell over in the next county !
So ? Your mom 's car has a CB , radar detector and cruise control , check ?
Ok , dudes , follow my lead .
Wait a minute . We ditching the rest of school ?
Now , how are we gon na do this ?
Gim me a second , dudes . Lem me think .
We got you a change of duds when we picked up the car .
Next stop : the 2:45 to Detroit Rock City !
I think we should try sneaking in .
Four dudes sneaking in ? We 'd get busted fer sure . Bad plan .
No You do n't think ?
Nah . Could n't be .
Are you gettin ' wise with me ?
No , I 'm dumber than a goddamn slug . Now can I please clean your windshield and leave without further ado ?
Dude , this is all I got .
Sorry , man , no can do . But I 'll be here for a while if you scare up the extra gravy .
Do n't worry about it . They 're perfectly safe . We can pick them up after school . My mom wo n't be home . It 's no problem .
All right . After school we double- time it to your house for the tix before heading to the train station for the 2:45 to Detroit Rock City .
Do n't you think we should at least pull over and offer to clean it off ?
What ? ! Are you mentally deranged , Jam ?
Oh no , Jam . I 'm not falling for that twice .
Well , could n't you slow down so I can at least state my case , Hawk ? If you do n't like it , you can speed up and I 'll never mention it again .
Hey , Look at the front entrance ! A car 's pulling out . The parking space from heaven . God is surely smiling down upon us tonight , dudes .
Kind of funny , I thought He 'd be pissed as hell at me .
Oh , I 'm sorry , Trip . What you made was a big , brainless , pile of horse shit . No offense .
Guys , GUYS ! Come on , if this is anyone 's fault , it 's mine . I was the one who grabbed Trip 's jacket by mistake . It 's my fault and I apologize .
Wait ! I know how we can get in !
Jam , shut-up ! You 're not allowed to speak , remember ? Go use whatever femmy idea you have to get yourself a ticket or four . I do n't wan na hear it .
But my plan involves all four of us acting together .
See you at 8:30 , Jam . Later . Dudes ? Later .
Grounded for the rest of the year ?
You 're a smart boy , Jeremiah . And so handsome .
Someday you 'll have a son just like you , Jeremiah . A boy who lies through his teeth , buys demonic records , and smokes the dope just like you .
If I 'm anything like you , I 'll deserve him .
Forgive me , Father , for I have sinned . This is my first confession in well a really long time .
Prepare to receive the Act of Penance . How many sins have you committed since your last confession ?
Okay , you better have something really sinful for me this time , son . My patience is worn to threads and your mom will be here any minute .
Alright , Father , here it is . About two weeks ago I went to my cousin 's wedding and one of the bridesmaids asked me if I wanted to take a bath .
Tell you what . You keep guessing and I 'll say something when you get it .
Splendid ! I love a good game of Name That Nightie .
Trip , a female gynecologist does not a lesbian make . And even if it did , at least my mom did n't give birth to me while she was on LSD .
Shrooms ! And even if it was LSD , I can still give my mom a kiss without smelling the catch of the day .
That 's some sick shit right there . Did she comb your ass hair for you too ?
If your mom so much as smells those tickets , they 're history , and we get screwed outta seeing KISS for the third year in a row , the third year !
Well , here we are back at fucking school again .
Huh . St. Bernard 's . Figures it 's named after a canine .
Man , that weed knocked Christine on her ass . She 's sleeping like a baby stella .
Let 's lift up her shirt .
Please sir , do n't beat me up . I do have a KISS ticket , but not on me .
A likely story . Hand it over , kid .
Hey , kid , that 's okay . I do n't wan na see KISS that ba
Do n't try to run , maggot . Chongo 's an all-state track star in every event .
Look , you can have my wallet
It 's not nearly enough , punk .
Do n't tempt me , I 'll shoot !
Not if I shoot first !
Simple Simon on the Rock , go caller .
Hello ? Is this me ? I 'm Trip . Am I on the air ?
Hi what 's going on here ?
Horrible accident . My neighbour he got killed .
So according to Hawking wormholes might be able to provide a short cut for jumping between two distant regions of space-time .
So in order to travel back in time , you 'd have to have a big spaceship or something that can travel faster than the speed of light
What effect do you think this would have on an infant ?
Well the thing is , nobody remembers their infancy . And anyone who says they do is lying . We think that this would help develop memory earlier in life .
Why do I have to sleep with Donnie ? He stinks .
When you fall asleep tonight , I 'm gon na fart in your face .
What happens if you tell Mom and Dad about this , Samantha ?
You 'll put Ariel in the garbage disposal .
The Last Unicorn ! By Samantha Darko .
Donnie ! Give it back !
That 's not what I heard . Now they think I did it .
Well , if you 're innocent , then you have nothing to worry about .
Why did you make me flood the school ?
We just want to guide you in the right direction .
Why are you wearing that stupid man suit ?
Take it off . I want to see you .
How much longer is this gon na last ?
You should already know that . Watch the movie , Donnie . I have something to show you .
My dad said he found you on the golf course . Are you sleepwalking again ?
I do n't wan na talk about it .
What 'd you do , Donnie ? What 'd you do !
Go home . Go home and tell your parents that everything is going to be just fine .
Oh , I have those too . What kind of problems does your dad have ?
He stabbed my mom four times in the chest .
Wow . Did he go to jail ?
He fled . They still ca n't find him . My mom and I had to change our names and stuff . I thought Gretchen sounded kind of cool .
Do n't knock soap . Without it , disease would spread rapidly . If we ran out you and I would never live to see the year 2000 .
Wonder where we 'll be then .
That 's not good enough . You 've got to go back in time and take all those hours of darkness and pain and replace them with whatever you wanted .
With , like , images ?
I always wanted it to be at a time when when it reminds you how beautiful the world can be .
Yeah . And right now there 's some fat guy over there watching us .
Oh , yeah . The Philosophy of Time Travel . What is this ?
She wrote it . There are chapters in this book that describe the stuff I 've been seeing . It ca n't just be a coincidence . Will you come see her with me ?
What ? How long was I asleep ?
The whole movie . Let 's go .
You want to skip fourth period and go to the Ridge ?
What 's wrong with you ?
Time is running out . We have to go see Grandma Death . We have to talk to her .
Why ? Is this about the book ?
I 'm sorry , Ms. Farmer , I just do n't get this .
Just place an X in the appropriate place on the Lifeline .
I just do n't get this . Everything ca n't be lumped into two categories . That 's too simple .
The Lifeline is divided that way .
Well , life is n't that simple . So what if Ling Ling kept the cash and returned the wallet ? That has nothing to do with either fear or love .
Fear and love are the deepest of human emotions .
Will you still be working at Yarn Barn ? 'Cause that 's a great place to raise children .
No , a year of partying is enough . She 'll be going to Harvard this fall .
Oh , please tell me , Elizabeth , how exactly does one suck a fuck ?
We will not have this kind of language at the dinner table .
I wish I knew where you went at night . Did you toilet paper the Johnson 's house ?
I stopped rolling houses in the sixth grade , Mom . Get out of my room .
You know it would be nice to look at you some time and see my son . I do n't recognise this person today .
Then why do n't you start taking the goddamn pills ?
I have to take the girls to Los Angeles tomorrow .
Do you get to meet Ed ?
Who 's been giving you weird looks ?
A lot of people . Teachers . Younger kids . It 's like they 're afraid of me for some reason . But that 's OK because I know I deserve it .
Because the rabbits are us , Donnie .
Why should I mourn for a rabbit like it was a human ?
That 's bullshit . You 're a good teacher .
Thank you , Donnie . And you 're a good student . Lazy but a good student . Unlike most of the others , you question Mom and Dad 's rules .
What do I tell the rest of the class when they ask about you ?
Tell them that everything is going to be just fine . It is up to the children to save themselves these days . Because the parents they do n't have a clue .
So will Donnie find his Cellar Door ?
I think I already have . But now she wo n't even talk to me .
Your mother said that you 've been skipping cycles of your medication .
I 've been taking it . I just like to make her feel guilty for all of this . You know , abuse her . Psychologically .
So , I met a new friend .
Would you like to talk about this friend ?
Frank instructed you to get out of bed just before this happened .
He said to follow him .
Do you believe that the world is coming to an end ?
No . That 's stupid .
What else do you think about during school ?
I think about Who 's the Boss ?
How many times have you seen Frank ?
Four times so far .
Who is they ? Is Frank part of some larger group ?
I do n't know . Gretchen has a theory . That Frank is a sign . I told her I thought it was ridiculous .
Yeah , but if I told her about the other stuff about Frank
Are you embarrassed by these things that you see ?
So , your parents why did you disappoint them ?
I I was playing with fire .
They did n't buy me what I wanted for Christmas that year .
What did you want for Christmas that year ?
Yes . I flooded my school and I burned down that pervert 's house . I think I only have a few days left before they catch me .
Why did you do these things , Donnie ? Did Frank tell you to commit these crimes ?
It 's too late . I 've already ruined my life .
You will survive this Donald . I promise you that you will survive . You must let me help you . And when I clap my hands together , you will wake up .
It 's called The Philosophy of Time Travel .
What does time travel have to do with philosophy ?
No I do n't . She worries about you .
Well , do n't worry I 'm taking my medication .
It 's not that . I mean mouthing off to your teachers . I 'll admit when Dad told me what you said to Ms. Farmer , I laughed my ass off .
I was just being honest .
Mom and Dad wo n't be back until Sunday night . It 's Halloween Carnival . We should throw a party . We could totally get away with it .
Okay , but it has to be a small one .
Thank you for seeing us We just felt that it was time to discuss
What I think is going on with your son .
Donnie is experiencing what is commonly called a daylight hallucination .
You 're telling me my son has an imaginary friend ?
If that 's what you think is necessary .
But let me remind you that this treatment is experimental .
He was a year ahead of us ?
He died , remember ? On the way to the prom . He was doomed .
I did n't realise it was such a big deal .
It is a big deal .
Here are the keys to the Taurus . There 's plenty of groceries in the fridge . And I left money on the kitchen table . And do n't forget
Do n't worry , Mom . Just go , you 'll miss your flight .
Excuse me but what is the real issue here ? The PTA does n't ban books from school .
The PTA is here to acknowledge that there is pornography in our school 's curriculum .
Do you even know who Graham Greene is ?
I think we 've all seen Bonanza .
And how do they do this ? They FLOOD the house by breaking through the water main !
This meeting of the PTA was called to inform the parents of our ongoing investigation
Maybe Martha Moo finally went nuts and hijacked the bus .
You know , there 's , like , this rule . We get to go home at 7:55 .
All right ! 7:55 . Everybody goes home .
Let 's go to Donnie 's house . His parents are both at work .
We got eggs , water balloons , and a dozen rolls of toilet paper .
I stole four beers from my dad .
Oh , shut up . I thought it might help you get some sleep .
Loretta , never have kids .
I never liked her , but she did n't deserve to die in the belly of a swan like that . The whole thing 's just kinda sad and lame at the same time .
This came for you , sweetie .
I got ta work with these women .
Okay , sweetie , that 's all right . Let 's go . Let 's go .
I just , I just ca n't believe it . I 'm Minnesota 's American Teen Princess !
Our baby 's going to Nationals ! Lincoln , Alabama look out !
I 'm gon na need more caps .
You hafta go home . There 's some kinda emergency at the trailer park .
Nice mouth you got there , Mom , but I I 'm not goin ' through this again .
You 're not goin ' through this again ? You ? You 're not the one who knows how Jiffy Pop feels .
God I hope that 's you and not your concussion talkin ' .
It 's me I just do n't want this to be the thing you 'd do over . This pageant 's your ticket outta here . I know you can win , Amber .
Mrs. Clark , why are you doing this to me ? Why 're you pretendin ' you do n't know what 's goin ' on ?
Amber , I 'm sorry . I really am . But you know the rules . All talent costumes hafta be okay 'd by Gladys before the pageant .
This , this This is bullshit !
Amber Atkins ! That is not American Teen Princess language !
Here , I 'll take it . It 's my job .
NO It 's all right . I got it . Do n't worry about it .
What do you mean , they take out her butt ?
Oh , Jesus H. Christ !
It 's just the guys that are you know , makin ' the movie about the pageant . I told you about 'em .
Oh , naw . Hi .
Y'know , if you have , you got all the pictures of the winner you need .
Shut it up , Loretta .
She 's the prettiest , y'know . The best damn tapper . The most smartest
Most smartest ? Oh , that 's good , Loretta . Make sure you get a picture of that . Most smartest . We 're cuttin you off and sendin ' you home .
